{"jobName":"Multi-BillionairesJourneyInIndia-LeadershipCultureAndOpportunityOdooTRS386.mp41711386077","accountId":"507922848584","status":"COMPLETED","results":{"transcripts":[{"transcript":"You're a multibillionaire European founder who's moved to Gandhinagar. Yes. Why did you choose Gujarat? In India? We have a ruler to do is we never go to tier one cities. We always go to tier two cities because that's where we can have a better redemption of memories. No one's ever said that on this show, they should tell me from the perspective you had before you actually went to China. Why did you choose that country? And what was the reality check before we went to China? I saw China like India. But then the problem is in China is that first you cannot appoint a company in China, a company in China has to be owned by a Chinese person. If you have to choose one country to invest, it is India. And if I have to choose the second one, I would pick India too. Really? Yes, there is no other country with that level of opportunities for the other foreigner founders, you know, founders from other countries who want to expand in this country. What's your advice to them, book a flight ticket and come there a few weeks, meet people and in general are very entrepreneur mindset. So you will find good relationship that you can start using and you are a very memorable guy. Like if you've done so much in life and you're so humble, you know, I find that very crazy man because I don't like saying this, but you don't see too much of that in India. As I'm recording this intro, Mister Fabian Punker has just left our studio after a three hour conversation. I rarely stretch conversations up to the three hour mark unless I truly feel like I'm extracting value out of my guest, created a business conversation on the podcast after a very long time because this business story is very, very interesting as you saw in the trailer. It's about a self made billionaire who now finds himself in Gujarat in India because he's trying to expand his business operations while he sits in Gandhinagar. So of course, we spoke about expanding business within India, but he's had the experience of living in America of trying to expand his business in China. So it's a very global business oriented conversation. If you're an Indian viewer, you're going to learn about your country once again. But from a foreigner's perspective, from a very, very successful founder's perspective. And if you're someone who's looking at India as a possible place, you'd like to expand your own business ventures. This is the ultimate one on one that I could bring forward for you. All the questions were centered around extracting value for business owners and people who want to learn more about international markets. It's a very deep podcast. It's also a lot of fun because Fabian's personality is very easy going. He is one of Europe's youngest billionaires ever, but he speaks from a very humble, very practical place, enjoyed speaking with him and I'm sure going to enjoy on this special episode of the RV show, Fabian. Hello. How are you? I'm good. Uh I need to be very honest with you before we start talking, I love talking to foreigners on my podcast. It's a lot of fun and for us it's good too. For me it's the first time in India. So, but you've been here for nine months. Yeah, I'm living in India, but I've never done a show. I was focusing on my business. I will begin this podcast with a very simple question game show. Um Mama Gujarati Bolo Cho. I find it so fascinating that, you know, Gujarati, dude, just a little bit. How long have you been in Gujarat? Nine months? And you've been in Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Gandhinagar. How are you liking life in India? Uh It's amazing. Yeah, I really love it. It's a, it's an experience, not everything is easy, things are difficult, but they are really good things. So I really like it, dude. What I find crazy about you is you have had a 20 year entrepreneurial career, then you've traveled all over the world. And now you're targeting India as a place for expansion and you're the founder of your start up. But the founder himself is now sitting in India to try to expand into this market. Yeah, even the people, so I come from Belgium. Even the people of Belgium don't understand why it came to India. I had to explain them calling me the Slumdog billionaire because they imagine India like, yeah, because they don't know, Of course. Um, but I'm really glad I did it because, uh, the business has been amazing experience has been very good as for the family. So it really good. Ok. What else? Tell me about your life. How's your day in your life in India? Uh, it's great, depending. There are some good and bad stuff. The worst is the weather. I mean, the summer is just crazy in India. It's way too hot for me. Uh, you know, in Belgium today it's like minus 10 °C. So when you get the summer at 4550 plus in India, it's, it's very hot, very difficult. Um, but, um, what I like about India is, uh, you know, you live with nature, nature with, uh, animals, uh, in, in Europe, you don't have animals in the street anymore, even, even, um, of course, you don't have cows and, and dogs, but even birds there are so less birds compared to here. So it's nice feeling to, to live with nature and, and, and animals. That's all, you know, the first thing you notice in the street when you walk in the street, second thing is there are way too many people, but I think you get the opposite. If you go to Europe, you probably feel alone and in danger because there is not that much people around you depends on where you are in Europe, but you do feel in a very positive way isolated which actually calms down your head. Like it's, it's one of my favorite places to travel to because I know when I come back, I'm going to be very relaxed. So it's a very relaxing place. That's what I say about Europe. Uh I find it crazy that you're actually thinking about staying in India for a long time. What's in your mind? What's in your heart about like staying here? So I came for the business. Um We went to a point where for do um what we get in India was not mature enough. We had a lot of activities, a lot of partners, we had something like 40,000 developers on our software on do in India, but they were not selling on the India market, they were selling in the US and in Europe. So it's, it was for me like a big opportunity that we didn't tap in. You mean all your, not only because we only have 4000 employees, but we work with partners, our companies offering services on our product. And we had a lot of partners in India, but they were not addressing the Indian market. They were just looking out services in the US and in Europe and I wanted to refocus on the domestic market because India's uh SME S is big. Uh GDP is growing at 8% per year. So it's a massive market 1/5 of the world population. So you cannot close your eye to such a big and future economy. So I came here in order to develop the local market, you know, in order to understand you better, why don't you introduce your own life's work a little bit before I ask you more questions about India and Europe. OK. Probably the right way to start because people especially business oriented audiences, which is a big chunk of youtube audiences now are very interested to know about how the world looks at India and about how you want to sell in India. And why do you want to sell here? Because honestly, Indians, if you look at it from a mass scale, are not easy customers, they're difficult customers to win over. So I want to get into all those tangents about all your challenges you faced here, et cetera, et cetera. But let's begin with a little bit about your story. Yes, you began as a coder. Yeah, I was a developer uh engineer I started to and IIII I love business. So I was reading the 223 books, uh, about management psychology to develop my business every week. Um, I did a lot of things and this one which is to do work better than the others. And so I started alone after two years, I had one employee after three years, 34 or five, this is in 2004. That was in 2002. Yes, when I was still a student and then I grew, uh organically bootstrapped the company. Uh I started to sell services on this software. So the software is, is a management software. At the beginning, I was selling services. So I asked Ken, what do you want? And I was developing everything and I did that until 2 2010. And at that time, I had a software that had a lot of features because I developed everything the customer would asked for. So it was full of feature but ugly complex uh and everything. Uh And at that time, I had uh 100 employees. Um So I decided to do a pivot in the business me and say we cannot do service and develop everything people need. We need to focus as a software vendor and develop a clean product uh and not for customer but develop what's good for the mass. So for eight years, you got requests from businesses, they asked you to develop Softwares which would help the individual business problems. And eventually you develop so many Softwares that you realize, hey, hold on, I can actually turn this into a tech product and probably make it more profitable than what we're doing. It was a bit because, uh, I, from one day to another, I decided to stop services, stop all revenues. I had 100 employees and say, ok, now we'll focus on something else. We'll create a network of partners. They will do the service and we will sell maintenance. So from one day to one, you will sell what maintenance services upgrades. And that was risky because we would stop all our activities from one day to another to refocus on something else. So I raised two millions of Euro uh with French V CS at the time. Uh so that we can do the pivot in the business model and say, OK, no, let's refocus on making a clean product. And that's when the, the adventure of Voodoo started. The mindset has always been the same is to develop business apps to help companies be more efficient, more productive. From a first time entrepreneur's perspective, what I'd like to say is that a first time entrepreneur has a lot of random business challenges that you don't anticipate in like accounting like uh HR management and the list goes on. So I your software handles all those miscellaneous business problems as well. So, so uh the, the what is it do today? Uh It's a suite of business apps. We have applications for pretty much everything SME S needs. Like you need an accounting software. We have one AC RM. We have one, we want to create a website. We have a website builder. You need a inventory management software with barcodes can be picked and you receive deliver. We have one app and if you put all these apps together, you have fully integrated company. And um and that's what we do. We offer tools to small and mid size companies so that they, they can perform better. What I find crazy about this is that you have a lot of data with you also. So you will be able to understand how different countries go about business in different ways. Yes. Yes, we have uh 12 millions of users. So it's probably the most installed management software out there. Er, p at least. Um so, and we are active in, we do accounting for 150 countries. So we are one of the largest uh spread uh in terms of different countries. You're a brave guy. Uh I'm just a good worker. I think you're just a hard working guy. I'm a hard working for the first seven years. I didn't get a single day or holiday for seven years and I was working like 14 days, 14 hours a day. It's not anymore the case. No, Saturday and Sunday. I, I work less but uh getting older, you think that plays a role? I think I don't have the same level of energy. I feel that already. Between 22 and 30. How old are you? I'm 30 your time. But I feel a difference in the energy I felt when I was 22. I work for 40. I'm 44. Really? How do you look so young dude? Um I don't know. It's good to know. Good genetics. Yes. You're a happy guy on the inside. I'm super happy. I love my job. I love my company. I love my project. I'm really happy in life. What are you the happiest about from a business perspective about your whole business career? Um So what I do like is that what we do as is super important uh because it helps companies, uh it helps people, we don't do management software for managers or for managing companies. I'm not interested in that. It's not interesting. I do tools so that every employee in the companies can do their job better, can save time, do less administrative tasks, less boring task. So we really help millions of people having a better life because if you think about it, you probably spend 30 40% of your time at work. So better do it with good tools so that you enjoy doing rather than doing boring administrative rerecording of data. And I feel like we have a massive impact on uh on the society because of that. We do it with a, we didn't talk about it but with a special business model, which is open source. So a lot of people can get it for free download, modify. And so we are reaching countries that could not afford that kind of software because it's free. Uh So the impact is really big of what we do. Can you explain what open source means? One and two? Why did you make it open source? Because it's a very different mentality. Like if you have built out a product, if you've built out a software, uh there has to be an intention in turning it into an open source software, open sources, you have kept the software available for the public. Yes. So open source is a license that says instead of constraining the software and say when you buy my software, you have minimum 10 user, maximum 10 user, you have this, this, this, this instead of putting constraints, we put rules so that we guarantee the user that they will be able to use the software for free. Um get the source code of the software so they can learn it, modify it for free and all the things will be free forever. So it's like a protection for the user. And the reason I did open source is because I'm passionate about open source since I was a student, I only use myself open source software. So when I developed software, I did it open source because you get a template from which you can build upon. No, because II I did, I didn't want to do another model. It was something I was, I'm passionate about that. I'd like to, I think software is knowledge and knowledge should be shared and I think short software, it's like knowledge should be shared to the world. Um And I think it's better, it was very hard because when you do a software for free getting money out of that is really difficult. So it took me uh maybe 15 years to understand the business model. What is the business model um Nowadays. So I tried everything I started as a service company as I explained to you. Then I moved to maintenance, selling service, like support upgrade. Um didn't work that well, it worked. But uh after 500 employees, I couldn't, I was, I had, I've had like seven years close to bank bankruptcy. So at some point it's ok. I have to change. My passion about open source is good, but at some point, it's good to remain alive too. Um And so now the business model that works is what we called open core and an open core business. But anyways where you have 80% of the applications, a re free and open source and we add 20% of application where you have to pay for premium. It's like a premium, but it's like two different products. Some people can just use the open source one and others uh can use the what we call a do enterprise, which is the full version. That's the one that is working for you right now. Yes, for EXA MP. If you need AC RM, it's open source is free. You need a website, free an open source. You need inventory sales, purchase, it's free and open source. You need accounting. You will have to pay the accounting version because it's only in the paid version. So people gain trust in your software from the free part. And then they say, yeah, this is a good software design is great. Functionality is great. Let me pay for like this additional. Uh Yes, some do that. 10% 90% doesn't pay, never pay. But the best is the word of mouth. You know, when you build a company, the most difficult part is marketing, word of mouth, building a big audience of users. And, and the good thing when you are free is that you quickly get billions of users. And uh even though they will never pay some of them, what they will do is bring you uh more customer because they will tell to their friend this uh software is great. I'm using every day. You should check it and maybe one of them will pay. So based on those 10% parts of your software that are actually premium which people pay for. You're supporting the whole business, including the 90% which is for me, it was a very philosophical problem because I was passionate about about source and I did not want to sell proper source of software. I was against that. Uh But it was a very bad decision. It was a very bright mindset because at the time I had something like maybe 100 developers maximum, I couldn't pay more. Um And now that I have 10% non open source or 20% non open source, 80% open source, I can afford paying hundreds of developers. Uh So I contribute way more to the open source world than what I did before, even though I'm not 100% open source today. So it's something I didn't understand, took me years because I refused that. But once I did that, I switched the business model and then the company started to skyrocket. You know, there's a lot of lessons that Indian entrepreneurs, young Indian entrepreneurs can actually learn from this in terms of your selling to the world. Here, we, a lot of us have dreams about selling to the world as well, but I don't think they are educated in that aspect in terms of if you built out something in India, how do you ensure that someone sitting in Britain or Nigeria or Brazil would actually use your stuff? So you, you've had an expansion outside your own country, right? Yes. You know, we are Belgians, Belgium is nothing. It's tell me and the people. So by nature, if you want to do business, we a re forced to export because our market is nothing. Um You don't have the SA me issue in India, but you have also a lot strong incentive to export uh in software. It's easy, it's just build the best software. The reason all the works is we have the best uh you have, we have the best CRM. We have a modern website builder. We much better than wordpress or, or, or, or Shopify uh and we build the best, took us 20 years. But once you get the best software is like compound interest you build and you build and you build everywhere, it gets better and better and better. And the revenue you get from the software increase exponentially based on what you build. It's like uh creating a massive asset that is joining more and more revenue over the years. But it takes time, it takes a lot of time because in order to be the best, uh you have, you have to develop and develop and develop, especially in open source, in open source, it's very hard because, you know, in property software, when you sell the software on a license, you can have a lot of competitors and then they will all differentiate themselves. Open source is like a transparent market. Um It's like because it's free, everyone will test before buying so they test, they play with it and so everyone will choose the best product. So in the open source, it's a winner. Take all market, there is one winner but no second player and that is very hard. So it requires for you to invest a lot in research and development um in order to build the best product. And before you, you are not the best, you, you get just small amounts. But once you, once you are the number one, you have like a consolidation, efficient effect where everyone looks at you and you grow faster and to further your consolidation and your profits, you basically have to play a numbers game. You need more and more people to use your free. Of course. And because it's open core model, I cannot charge as much as the other. You know, the, the big er PS like Microsoft Dynamics, uh SCP ORAC netsuite, they charge a lot like $180 per user per month. They can because they charge for the full amount of the software for us. It's different. We have 80% which is open source and only 20% which is proprietary. So if we charge the full amount, people will say, oh for 20% less, I can get everything for free. So I won't buy that. Our main competitors is yourself is our open source product. So we have to charge at 1/5 of the other because we all can only charge a small layer which is for free, which means we have to compensate with big volumes, which is also partly why India. Um no and yes for me up to no. So it changed one year ago, the rule of India for us changed one year ago before India was like the service provider for the world. So the local market in India was nothing. We had only a few users, but they were selling development services to all our partners all around the world because in Europe and the US, we are lacking developers. So they were all subcontracting to Indian partners. So India at the beginning helped us a lot to provide services we couldn't afford in the other countries. Now it changed since one year. That's the reason why I came here. Uh We, our main focus is the local market because they're like old school software like Telly that we need something modern to replace and the local market is big growing fast. So now since one year we decided, OK, now it's time to focus on selling on two Indian companies in Rupees. How much does your uh so is the way we work? Is that one app is free? So you need a website free, forever, unlimited users with domain name, everything free. You need ac RM free, you need an accounting software free. You need uh electronic signature to sign the contract free. But if you need more application, if you need uh all of them. So all the application is like something like 80 different applications to run your whole business. That's 5 ₹80 per month. That's it. That's 5 ₹80 per month per user. Yes. Yeah, it's very cheap. So in a company, how many users and uh depends on the company, you could have a company of 50 people, 10 users. So 1/5 of the company, the price is not an issue. Yeah, it's 5 ₹80 is pretty much nothing for what they get for. What challenge are you facing with expanding in our country? Um The main one is marketing. It's um uh because we were known from developers, but we were not known from businessmen. So although I had a lot of developers in India, but business was not using because developer were focusing on selling to Americans. Um And so now we have to say, hey, we have uh we are here so we are ready to support and serve you. That's one, the other one is we had to adapt the product. Uh We had to put a price in rupees, decrease our price. I we really had to do a lot of things to adapt to the Indian market. Um Like we have to change our accounting to be GST compliant T DS T CS. Uh uh all do things. So we did that last year uh to meet all the Indian needs uh as an MNC owner, like a multinational company owner, what have you learned specifically about the Indian market? Um It's very price sensitive. Uh you know, when you work with an American. They will want the beautiful software and they will pay whatever the price they want the best, beautiful clean software. In the end, they ask the price first, how much does it cost without having seen the software? So it's a very price sensitive market you are in you, you could have the best. So in the world you have to be at an affordable price. Um it's um fast deciding market. So like in Europe or the world is Africa, I think they take months to decide. We hope it's ok. India is a little bit faster. Um You know what we do transform companies so it's massive impact on the companies. So we have sale cycles, could be 13 months for small companies. Uh India, it's a little bit reduced. Um Yes. So Indians wanna move with speed and they'll go for the cheapest option. Yes, that's, that's one of the main issue I have with Indian customer is that they think they can do everything on their own. They never want to buy services. So they say I'll just buy the software. I will do myself. But you know, when you change your accounting, you change your inventory management, you change a purchase, sell your website, you do a new website. It, even though our software is super simple, it's better if we help them with. But most Indian companies try to do it on their own first and then they call only if they have issues where in the US, they will say I need someone that does everything for us. I will do nothing and just buy a lot of service to be sure that we do the job for them. One layer deep. Psychologically speaking, why do you think that difference is there between America and India? Um I think it a lot comes down to price if they don't want to services because they don't want to buy service, I believe. Um I'm always surprised when you go to a shop in India you want to buy, I don't know. Kit Kat chocolate bar. There is always a ₹10 kit. Kat, the ₹20 kit, the ₹35 kit, Kat. Um it's all about price and I understand, I mean, it's not the same level of quality of life. Americans have so much money and credit, they can buy everything on credit. Um Here it's more rational. I would say people are more practical about going about. They are more savvy for saving money more. Yes. And something that changed a lot is sometimes in India you throw humans at the problem. You know, where in the other countries you try to automate to have less employee, less cost less in India. The some uh workers are so cheap that sometimes you just put more workers to solve the issue. One of the examples I had is uh our accounting software. Um it's uh you know, content. They receive their job in the morning, they get a pile of bills and they have to record the data in the in the system. It's a bit shitty. You record that every day. It's not a very interesting. No, is artificial intelligence. All this is processed automatically. You don't need to record anymore. You just put that in the scanner and 19% is recorded automatically for you. Only 2% you have to check. Um And so we do that in Europe in us massive success. Everyone loved it because they have less time to record more time to validate. Uh The accountant can do tax optimization, interesting things rather than recording data. And then I came to India and showed that to a content and content were doing the math. Our system at the time were costing ₹6 per bill, which for me was nothing. And then they do the math. Uh one account cost me this and then they do how many it cost me 3 ₹3 to record manually in the system. Uh Why would you would I use artificial intelligence that cost ₹8? So they prefer to, to pay people to record manually. And that's one of the examples where we have to change. I had to say OK, no, this is, this is free uh uh artificial intelligence or UDO builds to record automatic. We had to put it free in India. Otherwise they will just put more hands doing it. I'll give you like the Indian start up entrepreneurship perspective. Again, it's about cost saving because I think Indians have learned now that successful starters are built out of being profitable and not just raising money. Everyone is trying to bootstrap and we know there are advantages that there's a big population so you can get work done for cheap through human beings. I think that's the big uh mentality difference, this capacity of affordable jobs. But um what, what Americans are understanding Indians don't, is that sometimes having the right tool, like a beautiful website instead of a shitty website or a quotation that looks nice, uh improve your comparison rate on sales. These are the things that sometimes India are too sensitive to the cost and miss uh the leverage to sales, things that they could do that would improve their sale. Yeah, I, I agree with this. Like, there's too much of a focus on saving money and not focus on like creating a beautiful front or an efficient service service report or efficient operation. Hm. It's probably also because like, just generally. So I feel we've got independence like 75 years ago and only in the last four or five years. Am I releasing a drastic change in India because the internet reached the rest of India? So people are getting education about how the world works. You know, even with this podcast, I'm sure we are going to have listeners who don't speak English, but understand English and they're just tuning in to see what a European is saying about the country so that they can learn. So there is like learning all these things. But the focus is totally about saving money, which in, in some point is good, there's a reason why they can afford development service to the US and Europe. But in some point, I have so much to win to understand how to make an efficient business uh with quality support, quality tools, good website. If Indian companies understand that, then they can skyrocket because it doesn't cost too much today. Yeah. Also if Indian companies follow what you're saying, in terms of efficient service, good looks, in terms of the UIUX, we'll be able to sell abroad. And I think that's what a lot of Indian organizations not being able to do. Just like in terms of our websites don't look great. The Uiux quality in India as of now is not at the world. But in Europe, when you see Swedish companies, when you see, you know, British companies, the the look, the quality and feel is very, very different. I think that's the big weakness we have in India. I see it changing a little bit like we have Uiux designer influencers now teach Uiux design. But that's one person. That's why I think Urdu has a role to play in India because that's why we are bringing to the Indian companies, these tools all of this, getting a beautiful website, automating your accounting, uh efficient CRM or help desk tool. It's all about tools. When you have good tools, you can perform better in a more efficient way. And that's exactly what we do. So that's why I relocated myself to India is to say, ok, there is a big gap, there will be a big need because Indians are growing fast and understanding very quickly. So a lot of these companies are doing everything on spreadsheet today. They will need better tools uh tomorrow. And that's why we are focusing on this market today. What have you learned in the last nine months? Have you been able to educate people? Uh a lot, uh you know, when I arrived, we were selling uh 10 new clients per month, one year ago. And now the rhythm is we are acquiring uh 350 new clients per month and it's growing like that. So I'm waiting six months. It will be 1000 new clients per month. This is just word of mouth, it just word of mouth in my eyes. I think you're doing something very brave because it's not easy to expand a software business in India for a foreign brand. No, you're wrong. It's easy. It's easy. Really? Yes, I think I, I'll tell you where I'm coming from. All my foreigner friends who are trying to set up business in India. They have trouble uh in understanding the Indian market, that's for sure. You have to understand them. That's why you need to come here. Uh I, it wouldn't have never worked if I wouldn't have relocated myself here. But Indians are very open compared that to China or very open. It's a democracy, it's uh very international. A lot of people are speaking English. I mean, all the checks, all the checkbook are green in India. What, what are the check boxes for you? But that English speaking country uh very open to international business. Uh big need of growth, expansion. GDP growing and, and so on these two alone uh think 10 years ago, everyone was talking about BRICS, you know the Brazil, Russia, India, China, the big countries where you need to invest. Brazil inflation are killing everything. Russia is in war. Uh and rupees have been divided by three because of the war, China impossible for foreigners because everything's closed. And even if you succeed, the government will catch your company and acquire it, the only missing country in the BRIC today is India. So if you have to choose one country to invest, it is India. And if I have to choose the second one, I would pick India too. Really? Yes, there is no other country with that level of opportunities. Wow! Ok. Very good perspective. It's honestly something that Indians love hearing was Indians love hearing foreigners talk about India, but I don't know how much the world knows about what you're saying because when I go abroad and I talk to people about expanding the businesses in India, they always say something like, yeah, but we're not able to understand the Indian mind completely. Now, most of the world don't understand because, um, so our company, we do 400 millions turnover, uh, 550 this year. Um, India, we were doing five millions. So when I said I will go to India because I bet on this country people would say, well, we do five millions on this country. But uh and we do 500 in the group. So why would would we focus? But it's because people don't see the opportunity if you do it right, you can, I mean, the biggest companies in the world like that are 700,000 employees. It's crazy. Uh The largest in, in Belgium is probably us with 5000 employees, 4000, but only 1500 in Belgium. You're the largest Belgian software company, software for sure. One of the largest company in every sector, you're one of the largest companies in Belgium and the founder of that company has probably one of the most valued too, or at least in the top 10 most valued. You're a multibillionaire European founder who's moved to Gandhinagar. That's why the, my friend calls me the Slumdog billionaires. How does it feel being a billionaire? Uh It's not like people think, uh you know, in my bank account I'm not rich in my bank account. It's I don't have a lot of money in my pocket. Uh uh because uh everything I own is just shares of a company. Um It's just the value of a do that, that is big. Um And uh because I'm the main shareholder. Um but it's like I like I have money to spend, I'm not buying big cars. I'm not buying big houses. I, I live in a very small house in, in Gandhinagar actually. Um So it's not like people think um my richness is to have a great company, which is a do and I don't plan to sell my shares. So it's not like I will convert that into cash. I will always keep it that way. You'll just want to grow business for the sake of that I think. Yeah, because there is nothing less interest. Yeah, there is, there is nothing more interesting than that. I mean, I could go to the beach or I could go to that's boring. Uh uh In the other hand, I can uh change people work at the life of people at work. Uh could have an impact of millions of people doing great software where they reward us every day telling us our software is good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, that is great. It's much better than what I could afford with money. Um If your son, you have a son, yes. If your son comes up to you and says, hey, billionaire dad, I want a Ferrari. What are you going to tell him? No, I would say get the money to buy it yourself. Are you in your will? Are you going to give all your money to your kids? Uh I will give them a company money. You give them the company and then it's for them to do if I, when I die, I find you. I'm saying this as a compliment. Ok. But you're very eccentric. You're like a crazy guy. Not sure. But no, I mean, a coder to founder to pivoting to almost going bankrupt and then you're a multibillionaire now and you choose to live in Gandhinagar. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, it's all about the experience. I mean, living in a country you don't know, learning from a new culture, new people is way more interesting than driving a new car. Go on. Yeah, it's uh for me it's all about the expense and there is also a lot, something I'm convinced uh about is, you know, what makes happiness? People think uh money makes happiness, but I think it's not what you have that makes happiness, it's how you evolve. So if you are here, you get that, you're super happy or if you are here, you get that, you are super happy. But when you are there, what do you do to be very happy? You cannot buy more cars more or it doesn't work. So it's good also sometimes to level uh to, to um slow down or decrease your quality of life so that you get used, you don't get used to big richness and so on. And you get very happy. You know, when I come back to Belgium and I eat meat. Super happy. I, I eat veg veg for months or like I think your expectations from life are very simple. Yeah. And if your expectation is low, it's the best way to be happy in life. Damn. How do you look at money? What is money for you? It's a mean for me, it's money is a mean to develop a bigger business. Like it's a means to, to a goal and the goal is to develop a bigger business and so that we can do software that helps more and more companies. Um So money is very important. I need to uh that's why uh we focus on selling and anything like that. But you know, not as a goal in itself but as a mean to uh develop the software we want to develop. Uh and it cannot be that the other way because if your goal is to make money, you won't be happy or you won't succeed your goal. But if your goal is to make a great product, uh then if your product becomes great, then money will follow. Has Gujarat taught you anything about money specifically? The Gujarat? Are they told me about yes negotiation. I was very bad at negotiating. I thought I was good. And then I came to India and these guys are so crazy in negotiation that I learned from them. What did you learn to be more pushy? You need to be more pushy. Yes, Indians are very pushy when they negotiate, negotiate very, very hard. Even in weddings, they played, you know, this negotiation game during weddings. Um you, you get the shoe of the bribe and you have to buy it back everywhere they negotiate. But and specifically Gujarat, I think is a negotiation center or maybe, maybe, maybe they have the best business skills them. And Marra then these are the two communities which are known as the business communities in India. No, they are very good at negotiation and it's good, it's useful for the for all activities. Actually. Suppose you go back to Europe or America, you'll be using these Gujarati negotiation skills there. I will train the team there, but you'll be, it's already done because, you know, when you have a group of different countries, they all work together. So initially, I I asked a Belgian team to train Indians. Um for instance, the influencer marketing team, the Belgian team trains the Indians how we proceed and then they do call together and then they notice that the Indian person is negotiating way better than them. So they learn from the cold. Um um and working together, we all learn from the strengths of the other, which is, which is good, which is why in club football, every player has different nationalities, everyone brings their own strengths to the table. Do you, do you look at international business expansion in the same way that Indians have a role to play in international businesses? But they should be played to the strengths. Yes. Um You know, we have a big company in Dubai, 600 people something. Um The director come from Gujarat too. Uh He went there and um so the way we, we do it to do is that we have a rule. Every employee can switch from one company to another country. Uh If he has two years experience, you just have to ask and we say, OK, he can work in any country of the group. That way we push people to travel and discover and learn from that experience. And which countries are you spreading? Uh We are in uh San Francisco, Buffalo, United States, Dubai, Mexico, Spain, Italy, Germany, Australia, Belgium, of course. Um Hong Kong. Um I probably missed a few but how are you so humble after building all this? Uh I don't know. Do you look at yourself as humble? Uh I don't look at the past. I don't care too much about what we built, what I do focus on and what we should build. Um If you look at to do today, even though it's exploding, we are the best management software you can get on the market growing like crazy. It's still 1% of the market. 0.1% of the market, the market is so big. Every company in the world, small to large, uh every industries, we are still 0.1% of the market. So when I look at, when I, when I look at it, I am not saying, yeah, we succeeded. I'm looking at it like we do 0.1% of the market or we go to that from that to 5%. And so I'm focusing more on the future, what we should do and continue to do in order to keep this growth rather than what we have succeeded. Man. I'm really enjoying talking to you genuinely like I'm glad I get to do this for a living. I was telling you I have a great job, you know, like people. Yeah. But how often do you meet a European billionaire who's staying in India? You know, and there's so many questions I just want to ask you for myself about your life, about business lessons about what we can do better because I truly believe that Indians who can speak good English should be thinking about selling their stuff abroad. You know, there's a lot that our country can sell abroad, but in order to sell abroad, we need to understand the foreigner mind much more. How do you look at India? How you sold things this is a very important business conversation. So this is a conversation I would have with you anyway. Uh So I appreciate the time you're giving because I am 100% sure you're a very busy guy. But you know, you're coming to Mumbai for a day speaking to me. I I don't even feel like I'm talking to like a 44 year old guy. I feel like I'm talking to a guy who's just my age and you're talking like a brother. So, no, thank you. Thank you for being so open. Firstly, uh what's been the most fun thing you've done in India? I think building a business is fun. Yeah, really. It's lots of problem solving challenges. It's setting up things, it's creative. It's so the best idea is to scale hyper scale the company in India. Yes. The scaling has been the most fun thing. Yes. So OK, let me reframe the same question when you first got here in the first week and in the first month, what were your set of learning? So what did you learn in your first week about this country? What did you learn in your first month? So the first week when you, so when you want to um transform your company first week, you just learn, you work with people, you learn who they are, who are the best uh we can leverage to make the company skills. What are the weakness? What are the strengths uh so that you can rely on. So I would say the first weeks, I didn't do a lot of things. I just worked with people uh help them on more details, but more, it was more a process of learning for me. You understood your teammates. Yes. And you were trying to absorb what situation you, you help them when you know things, but it's better to more listen than talking. And after that, then I can replicate all the good practice we had to do. And uh and some of them I had to adapt because it didn't work in the Indian market. Others, I just replicated what I used to do in other companies and it work there. Like what, for instance, one of our marketing strategy to do is to do what we call road shows. It's events in different cities. And when I arrived here, Road Show had like 40 attendees which is nothing. Uh When we do road shows in Africa, we have thousands of people in Europe. We have thousands of people and we had 40 on such a big country on large cities that didn't work. So I did the usual marketing tactics, uh Facebook ads, linkedin ads, uh mass mailing and so on. And then I went to 600 attendees. I was like starts to be good. OK. And I came to the management, very proud of me. Were they coming to meet you? No, no, it's uh not me. It's um or a sales people with the demonstration of the product, the other community work together, presentation of customers, anything like that. So you use digital to create a community online. Yeah, we already have a big community here to do. We leverage this community and try to bring more people and we do uh events that are on, on site in big cities, Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad Pune. But it was a community grip through social media, linkedin because we had, I had too many, too few people. When we started, I had to do advertising to bring more attendees to origins. This is performance advertising on Facebook, Facebook, linkedin and use our product. Yes, that's it. The ones who use or potentially will use the product. So I did that. I scaled that and it went where uh we went to 600 registered at least I thought it was very good. So I was like, yeah, I'm good. Uh And then only 120 people show off. Uh So went to went to the event actually came. So the no show was huge, like 80% no show like 600 people signed up for the event, but only 120 came and, and so that's why I noticed that in India it's different. Uh you have to do way more. Um And that's something I learned when I was looking for an apartment or house for me is that you, you have booking with people to, to visit houses and 50% of the time they just don't come, they don't, you arrive, nobody's there. You have to call one hour before to say I'm coming, I'm here and then they come. And so, uh I worked on how can we improve so that more than 20% of the attendees come. And so we started with whatsapp and that worked very well. Uh We did reminder one hour before the event, one day before the event S MS marketing and that works very well. And that's the kind of things where I learned in India because nobody use, I, I was not using whatsapp in Belgium. Um but here everybody use it. And so now that you automated reminder, we have way more people uh to reach us. And um I learned that from India, we put that in the product. So now there was whatsapp in all the applications instant out for the point of sale. When you have tickets, you receive the tickets on whatsapp bill, you receive your bill or invoice on whatsapp events, you have your notification registration notification on whatsapp everything. And then it helped all over the countries too because we deployed that in uh Latin America worked very well too. We deployed it in Africa. They love whatsapp too. It worked very well because I learned it from India. You know, the word empathy, empathy is like understanding someone else's emotions. I feel that, you know, business person's career. Somewhere after you gain some success, there will be a point where you begin to lose a little empathy because business makes you very dry and mathematical and you have to just like self correct. I've seen this with a lot of uh business folks I've had on the show as well. A lot of them say that the biggest mistakes were a point where they overvalued what they were trying to sell or they were trying to chase money too hard. And even here, I mean, three layers d be boiled it down to the same. It's usually a mistake. I don't do. But that time I did it. You're right. Uh How do you look back at your twenties? Because you're 44 you have a nice family life, you have a good like material life. You know, your company is doing well. You Europe's one of Europe's youngest billionaires. How do you look back at your twenties? Uh I, I feel like it's the same for me. Like when I was 20 my focus when I want to build the best software today, my focus is I want to build the best software and uh things changed. Of course. Uh But the strategy, the long term vision, what I like to do what I do remains, I still spend the majority of my time uh making sure that to do is much better than the competitor, improving the software. It's still the same. I'm still doing what I like. It's even better now because in the, when you are small, like 50 people, you have to deal more with hr stuff. When you a re big, you can delegate the hr stuff and focus on really what matters. So it's a bit better for even for me now, which is the product, the product or the company, um the culture, the improving. So I focus on the, if we transition, we have to change the department or big, that's the reason why I came to India, a big transition for the company. So I focus about things that bring value to the company. Why did you choose Gujarat in India? I didn't choose Gujarat. So when you create um we, we launched a lot of companies we did do in Mexico, Spain, Italy, Buffalo, and so on and so on. Um The key to, to succeed a new company is not the location, the key is the director. This is the most important thing. You can have a good director in a bad location. It will work. You can have a good location, average director, it's gonna be painful. And so the way we work, it's always about people. The way we work when we want to open a new company is never to say we want to go there. It's more about who is the best, best guy we have in the company that we can leverage to create a company with. So you had a bunch of employees in Europe and America and you pick out like one of the best. So the way it worked is I was working with a French company uh who had this subsidiary in India and I was working with them and then I worked with Manao director uh at the time there and it's still the director today. And I noticed that this guy is very good. And so I wanted to do something with him and say, OK, let's create a company. So we discussed with this French company, I acquired 50% of the shares and then the totality because we split and I get the totality. Uh but it was not about Gujarat, it was about mana. If there was these guys that uh I would say, OK, he's good enough, we can build something with it and it's always the same. You know, we have a company in Buffalo. Nobody goes to Buffalo in New York. It's in the state of New York, but it's not New York, it's uh way above. Uh Nobody goes there. You go to Silicon Valley, San Francisco, New York, Boston, but not in Buffalo. It's like a desert city or the industrial city uh where we get there because of the director, Nico director there is super good. We wanted to do something with him because he went from, he came from Buffalo. We OK, let's go to Buffalo and it turns out it was a very good decision. It's amazing to have an office there, but it was all about the people, not about the location. So your key to expanding business, especially internationally is actually great leadership. You pick out the best team captains because execution is strong in the strategy execution is about having the right guy that can make it happen. Uh It is stronger than having better market or strategy. Strategy is important, but execution is much more important because I think uh strategy is built out of feedback. Yeah. And strategy can evolve. If you have someone who is capable of making things up and transforming companies, it will evolve with strategy. So your director chose Gujarat. So I choose a director. He lived in Gujarat and because he lived there, we created a company there and actually he was a student. So it was not a directly student. We recruited a few people and he started in his student room. I know he's managing 650 people. How old is this guy? Uh I think he's four, less than me. 40 he's 40 years old. Yes. OK. Working with me since uh 16 years. And you met him where in Europe? No, I met him in, I came to India. I met him online because I worked with this French partner and we initially worked on some test together online and then I came to meet him in India and you prioritized his comfort. Yes. But I I didn't know about anything, you know, I didn't know about the other cities. All I knew is that OK? I have a good idea. Let's use it. Damn. Do you know what analysis paralysis is? No analysis paralysis means you analyze so much that you don't end up doing anything. Like, you know, you're just thinking what the problem with, you know, actually solving it. This is the polar opposite you, someone who believes in, like doing things first and then figuring there is another way to uh there is a good book from an Indian actually. Uh how is it called? It's um I forget the name. Sorry. What's a business? No, it's rational thinking. Vers uh versus uh I forget, but I can explain the concept. Um The, you have two types of managers. So manager will define the goal. Let's say you want to create a restaurant. I will do a rest. You will, we do market analysis. I will do a restaurant in this area, maybe a Chinese restaurant. Uh and I will design the menu and it's gonna be at that price and then it will cost that much money. So I'll find fun and then I will recruit people and then, and then so some people work that way. They start with defining a goal and then from the goal, they decide if it's what we call traditional manager. MB A style manager. I don't work that way at all. I work the opposite I don't look at where I go because that changes. I, I cannot predict the future. I look at what I have. I look at my environment, maybe I have a good deal to have a restaurant location there. I will jump there and then I will try to leverage everything I have. Maybe I know a chef which is super good. He's not Chinese but he's uh Indian. So we do an Indian restaurant and the way I work is more that is to optimize my path to optimize to the ultimate goal. I, but I don't define the goal because I don't think it's possible. For instance, I never do budget in over two years. I know it's not possible. What I do is to optimize how we spend money to be sure it's the most efficient possible. So I start from what I have I optimize and I, I ensure we, we get the best outcome out of it, but I cannot predict, I don't start for the prediction because it create constraint that you probably don't want put pressure. Yeah, rather just focus on the process and it's more about top down rather versus uh uh bottom versus top down, you believe in bottom up, much more. Yes. Gotcha. Uh You have to mix and you still need a vision. But uh yes, I do, I don't think like market analysis, business plan, uh budget planning. I don't think these kind of things are useful in India specifically is your main market in Mumbai Delhi Bangalore. Uh, it's widely spread all over. Yeah, even in the world, our biggest market is the US, but we only do 15% of our revenues in the US. So it's very much spread on a lot of different countries. Let's first speak about India. I want to know about your World game also. But in India, um, so your team is sitting out of Gandhinagar uh and they're selling across India. Yes. Right. So that has been smooth for you or do you think that if you moved to Mumbai or Delhi or Bangalore, you get better results for this country. Um The location is not that. So what matters on the location for me? We most of the thing when we sell to small and mid size company, it's over the phone or video conference. So you don't need to be physically present. Uh So what matters um to have good engineers, you have good engineers and very good engineers you have also uh as well. But there you are very good engineers. The good thing is in Gandhinagar or Ahmedabad that you don't have Google Apple IBM uh there. So you can actually get the good engineers which is more difficult if you go to the Indian Silicon Valley like Mumbai Mangalore and Delhi. So for that, it's very good and you need good retention because in order to build for the long term, you need people to stay long time in the company, which is a challenge sometimes in India. Um How do you get good resumption, good salaries? You have to pay 20 30% above the the market because it's very important for Indians and two less competition on the market. Uh and three good working environment, good culture and so on. And I believe that for this uh Gujarat is very good. You have less pressure of competitors on the it market. You will still have a strong universities uh for engineers. Um and salaries are a bit lower than what you could get in uh Mumbai or Delhi which allows you to easily pay above market. And here I think there's also a massive problem we face is rent for for the employees cost of living, of course, is therefore salaries are way higher also. But it's crazy. I never in my wildest dreams thought that someone like you would be staying in Gandhinagar and building out your business. And you know, the biggest mistakes I did. Uh I created a company in San Francisco. Big mistake because it's a tier one city. You are next to Google Apple, Microsoft or or can you recruit the best engineers next to these guys? Uh And the cost of living is so high that uh big mistake I did it after in Buffalo super good. And so now we have a ruler to do is we never go to tier one cities. We always go to tier two cities because that's where we can uh have a better redemption of the employees. No one was at that on the show. Um They should and you know, I, I get some uh I remember when I, so I, we have a few investor services uh in the board. And so they, they did a big market analysis for us. What are the, what are the best cities to put the second office in the, in the US? And they came with a list of 50 Buffalo was not even in the list. And I said no, no, we'll go to Buffalo and why? Because we have a director, not because of Buffalo at the time, I didn't care about fo all I cared was that it could not be one of the tier one city. It has to be a tier two and the director decided the city you're reteaching me a lot of the business things that I thought I knew I had like a way I looked at business. But this and what are you saying? Makes sense? Yeah. Yeah. If you create a company in San Francisco, you will suffer super high salaries, high rent, high, not engineers, not available, it's better to go to smaller cities. I'm asking you this because you're also a software developer yourself, like you actually coded in your life. How good is the quality of coders in San Francisco versus the rest of the world like, are they significantly better? No, I think I'm pretty sure Belgium is even better. Yeah. Or at least it's comparable India a bit lower. Lower. The average, you could get very good guys in India. They are very good engineers, developers. But if you take average versus average India is a bit lower. Average versus average India is a bit lower than Belgium. But you've seen a few stars in India. But uh the good thing is when you are in Gujarat that you can pick the top 1% of the 0.1%. And these guys are very good. These guys are comparable to San Francisco quarters. Yeah, I do. I, so we, we don't do research and development in San Francisco. So we don't do development. We only do development for customer service. So the only two Research and development Center we have is Belgium and India. OK. Your best Indian coders, how do they compare to your best Belgian codes a bit lower? Bit lower. Yes. Like the Belgian guys like a little bit more. Yes. Why do you think that is? I think it's all about education, the quality of the universities. Do you see it changing in India? Um Yes, for sure. Uh What surprised me is that the school for my kids? But it's 1210 to 12 years, as I said, better than what we get in Belgium. So at least there it is, there are some schools that are much better. Uh, so it's improving a lot. Yeah. Like, I have some cousins who live in Delhi that are a lot younger than me. They're probably 16 years old now. 17 years old. Now, I remember when they were in the 5th and 6th grade they were a good school. So they were learning product design in the fifth grade. I learned product design when I was 25 years old myself from youtube, I didn't have it as a subject and when you talk to them the way smarter than like what we were at that age. That's good. Yeah, I think it's the new generation uh will bring a lot to the Indian market. But you know, this is like the top 1% in terms of income in India. Yeah, but these are the ones that matter, the term 1% will drive everything to the top. You think so? Yes, the best way or on poor country, the best way for poor countries, inequalities are very good to make poor country goes out of being poor. Um because the the top is driving the bottom to the top. So yeah, so the guys at the top actually need to then stay back in India and then lift the rest of the country. You need entrepreneur, you need successful companies in order to generate business and work for everyone. We've had a lot of political content on the show lately and the political commentators said that the next time you have entrepreneurs on the show, ask them about the ease of doing business in India. Do you find it easy to do business in India? It's very easy, very easy. It's the market, the country is very open. I brought this up because the political commentator said that that's the representation of the government then. And Indians usually pick a side means either pro modi or anti modi. You're a complete neutral, like you're from Belgium and you still find it easy to do business in our country. It's easier than in the US. Um Americans are very, very picky if your product is not perfect, beautiful picket, perfect Americans won't buy it in India even if your product is not perfect. They will make a figure a way to, to use it. No, and ease of doing business means as a business owner, you know, all the, all the back end stuff. I think it's easy. You have to adapt yourself to the people, but I don't think it's difficult. Has there been a country where you found it very difficult as a business in China? We fail. I tried, I invest $1 million in China. We created a generator with a large company. We failed, completely failed. Uh He was pretty. When was the China? Um We tried this in China a few years ago, like seven years ago. Ok, I need to expand that thought also, but we'll first finish this do you notice the modi government? Like, do you follow what they are doing in the country? Yes. You know, from a geopolitical perspective in China, at least the narrative we get in India is that it's a very dictatorship oriented culture and that government wants to control everything that Chinese citizens see the way Chinese citizens think. And when I meet Chinese people, it's a little mixed. Some of them who have lived abroad are very Indian in some ways. They're very friendly, you know, they, they like India, et cetera. Sometimes abroad. When I meet some Chinese people, I feel like they're a little bit in their own zone. They're a little bit away. They don't want to connect, not with Indians, just with anyone. They're a little bit in their own world. I don't know, I don't have experience because I only went a few days in China. So I don't have that experience that much experience. We have a company in Hong Kong, but Hong Kong is so much different than China that it's difficult to for now. It's probably going to become a part. We'll see, but the company is still there in Hong Kong. We have 250 people there. Did you visit Hong Kong? I went a few days. Yes. You like Hong Kong? Uh mixed feeling. Uh um it's different mindset. It's very expert guys. Uh It's a lot of about money. I'm not at all about money. Um in the discussions who wants what? And so it's not my style. You mean people show off, people show off uh uh your status is your salary and that kind of things which some people like, but it's not my style. Uh But you visited China as well? Yes, you enjoyed it. Like being in the country. Yeah, it's, it's always good to visit the country. What did you like about China? Um But I don't think I could say I visited because I, I went a few days. It was only to work with the company. So it's only the professional experience. But uh they are super good host. I mean, they make you feel like in China is a little bit like India, they, for instance, they don't respect contract uh but they respect the relationship you left. So the first thing they do is not to write a contract like we Europeans do, but it's to build a strong relationship uh between the, the, the supplier and the customer and usually they succeed because of the relationship between people rather than contract. And so I've, I've noticed that they were very good at hosting us, welcoming us working together for that purpose. They took you out for a drink. Yes, a lot. You have a story. Uh I'm a very good drinker so they tried to beat me but it was the other way around. You know, the Js are very good in beers, but no, I don't drink anymore. So how did they get when they were drunk? Uh Like everyone else? Fun jokes. Yes. But how did you communicate with them? Um The people I was working with, are we talking? We were speaking English. So, what did they say to you? Like? No, nothing special. Does work? Conversation come up when you're drunk? Like you talk about the contract even over a drink and maybe it's my fault because I always speak about work. So it's me. I don't know if it's there was them or me. But uh yes, you speak about work even when you're drunk, I think, but I am not drinking anymore. I don't drink since a few years because I have a liver disease. I can, if I, if I drink I can die, I have even more cirrhosis. You have cirrhosis. Yes, because I drank too much. And so I cannot drink anymore since a few years, which is OK. I like, I like this. Um Yeah, but you drank a lot when you were younger. Yeah. That's why I have CSIS. Why did you drink when you were younger in Belgium? It's, it's part of the culture. Students drink a lot, a lot of beers. How much did you drink too much? Like safe. It was a Saturday night. I don't know. It was during the week, during the week. Yes. So I was, it was a student bar which is owned by the student and they open every week and during the weekend you come back to your parents so you don't drink, but during the week, you, during the whole week, every day, every day, how much, every day, uh, 3040 beers. Way too much to the point where you get the cirrhosis. Oh, man. How does cirrhosis? Uh, it doesn't feel anything. So the liver is the only organ in the body that is where it can regenerate itself except when you get to the level of cirrhosis. Um And also it's insensitive. So you don't feel anything. If it has issue in the liver, you will never find anything. If you discover it. It's by luck. And I was very fortunate to have other issues. They made some scans, they discovered that uh earlier in the process of the series. So I can live with that without issue for a long time, but I cannot drink at all. How did you feel when you found out? Uh I thought I would die. So, because the process after eight months of examination and they told me exactly. So when you look at the in the web, you are right, it's horrible like you have 10 years to leave all that kind of things. But uh they explained me at the end that I was at the very beginning. So I will just live like that my whole life without issue. But I cannot transgress other than China. Which place have you found challenging to expand into um We, I don't have a good answer because we pretty much succeeded. Every country we opened the only time where we failed, it was not about the country, it was about the person uh because we picked the wrong uh manager. So one thing I do have to do is that um we never recruit manager, uh director or manager. We never recruit that. The only way to become a team leader to do is to be the best of a team. Uh And so we make them grow. And one time it was to open in New York, I recruited an external manager director. He has a good experience very on the resume. He was perfect. He built two start up that grew very big. Uh He's Belgian from New York so he could understand us, but he, he developed business in New York. So he was, I'm sure the guy is great, but it didn't work for us. He didn't work for it because it was not, it was good but not, it was not what we are. He was not aligned with the way we manage our business. So it didn't work. Uh All the other times, I always created a new country with a non who had probably no experience uh of building companies and so on. But he was a good UMA to do. Uh And so we send him somewhere and it always worked. Sometimes it takes two years, sometimes four years. So the, the, the rhythm is a little bit different. But if you pick someone who is good at the job, even though he's not the director, even though he never created the company, it's a good bit. I want to go a little bit deeper into this international expansion thing. OK. So now say I'm an Indian company and you just need to answer this from your own life's learnings, you need to talk from all those learnings, which was the first company outside of Belgium, you expanded to uh after Belgium, India, India was the first company but not to sell in India. It's because I needed the report. OK. OK. Let me reframe this question. My point is when you're looking at a new region to expand into for your business, for sales. Yes, for sales. OK. You want to expand in that country. Now, I am sure at ODU your management and you, you have a set of protocols that when you go to that country, you'll have to follow these same cultural rules. But then something will change in the you operate there, something might change. So I want to know about that something. What is the constant stuff? What is the variable stuff? So all the way we work is constant. The way we deliver the service, we have a methodology to implement the customer to train him to import his data, same the way we sell, which is very product focused. We ask the customer, what, what are the pain points? And we create demonstration based on the is the same. Um The only difference is local is how you interact with people, how you party together, how you do your salary structure, that kind of things. But the rest a lot, the majority of the what part of, of procedures to open a new country? A re the same for every country. Marketing marketing is basically the sa me with some variants. So um you know, marketing, we have a strong um we do events a lot uh like we do 500 events, physical events, uh 500 per year, so two per day, more or less. Um um we do that in every country. It works in many countries, not with the same level of success in India, Mexico, very successful. Us, we have low attendance but high quality people. So it's still the same approach. Uh Then you have online marketing, Google ads and so on. Same in every country. Um We have education working because we are open source, a lot of teachers and universities, Europe use our product to teach sales CRM accounting because it's free. Um So we work a lot with schools and teachers in university that works in every country. So 90% of the marketing is uh the same is the same, but there are some slight difference like I explained in order to develop the events. We we do a linkedin ads, email ads, uh Facebook ads, mass mailing and so on. Worked well for India. I had to introduce what, whats whatsapp uh in order to remind attendees that the event is tomorrow in one hour. So there are slight difference, but it's 10% difference. OK. Your structure effectively remains the same. Yes. Like your protocols for some of my, like online marketing. It's even globalized. It's not per country. It's one person that does all the country for all the OK. Uh What is Africa like to, to work and to expand into, um, that is difficult in India? I feel like I could build an Indian company myself. It's very in Africa. I wouldn't be able to because you have to be African. You have to be uh first there is not one Africa uh between the Maghreb and the s and it's, it's so much different that uh it's different. Could you take a region like West Africa like Nigeria, Cameroon? We opened in Kenya. So do we have an office in Kenya? Um Yes. Um And then you have to be, you have to be African the way they negotiate the way they decide. It's so much different from what we used to do. Uh It's slower. Um They have difficulties to decide, they don't decide to do the code and co and co they never decide. Um That's something here where if you don't, you're not African, it's difficult to, to do. It's culturally a difficult place to enter. Uh, yes, for foreigners. For foreigners. Yeah. But then it's easy to enter if you look. So we, we opened the Kenyan office with an African guy who, who, who was in Belgium since a few years. So he, he came from our company, then he went to and it's working very well. I would assume that's true for any country, you know, you get a local guy to help you. That's the most important. That, of course, that helps. But in India, I have the feeling that you understand Indians in Africa, I have the feeling that I don't, um, it's so different. What have you understood about SNS, for example. Um, I, I don't have a lot of experience because I, I don't travel that much. I, um, um, Kenyans is great. It's less, there is less, um, corruption than in some other countries like, uh, Congo, for instance, uh, which is extreme, um, which is good in a way. Uh, very good. Um, there are a lot of good guys and businessmen but what I felt is that things are slower. I never understand. I always have the feeling that the customer will sign tomorrow and you don't, it doesn't. And then I think, ok, we'll sign you one month. It doesn't. And I, I, it's, I don't know if it's me who don't understand if it's the process. That is that way. But, uh, for me it's difficult to catch. Why do you think it's slow. Um, no idea. I don't know. I don't, don't that much experience the way they are. So, some questions are not answered yet. I don't have the questions. Are you actively looking at African markets as a place to expand? Yeah, we are growing. The good news is, it's just that it's not my other people would do it. And I, because I'm not involved in sales in Africa. I let them do and I don't even watch out what they do. Could you name some countries that the team is looking into? No, I, I that's a funny thing. If you ask me, what are the future countries where we will open for? Because we last year we opened uh, five countries I think, uh I cannot answer because I'm not targeting country, I'm searching for people. And the other, the only way for me to open a country is to find the right guy. And if I found it, you already created something. So because we work that way, it, I would say in another way or internationalist mansion is not about strategy. It's about opportunism. We have to find the opportunity to of someone and then we will create a company for him. You've been almost bankrupt at some point in your life. Yeah, a few years. Yes. How did that feel? Um On the moment you just walk and walk and work 16 hours a week, it's stress and uh um but I do believe that if O do is so good today is because of that period. It forced you to be efficient to not spend money stupidly. It's, it forced you to be very, very good in order to survive. Um, that's, uh, it creates at the end a company that is much better, uh, that we are as opposed to a VCB. Uh, company will get a lot of money. They, they will burn, they, they didn't learn to, to make it in inefficient. That's what so many Indian start ups are learning that try having a bootstrap phase for as long as possible. It sets that bootstrapping culture in the company and that makes the company super efficient. And you know what, when? So I've been close to bankruptcy for a few years to the point of I paid salaries sometimes a few days late. Um because I just didn't have the money. Um when things get better when I started to have a lot of cash, it was difficult for me at that time because I, I had to find the motivation elsewhere before that. We nobody was thinking about what, what is the purpose, what should we do? We were just all trying to survive, survive, survive, serve, client get money. So, and we were so much focused on surviving that we're not. And then from one, from one month or one year to another had to do things started to be super good. We get a lot of cash, millions. We, and, and then at that point, we were like, OK, now we have to find a new source of motivation. And it was a difficult moment for us to remotivate the team because now we had to work for something different than surviving. How already mo uh then it's the purpose of the product uh serving our clients, making great product. Uh But it was a switch of mindset that we had to operate. This was that phase where you switched to product. Yes. Um This phase took one or two years in order to be very cash flow positive. But it's that phase. Yes. From a service company to a product company. Are you like a celebrity in Belgium? Uh Not so much because I don't try to be, I try to, but I think some people knows me. Do you get fans coming up to you and saying that I respect what you've done and yes, that, that's every businessman of flash company have that? I think. How do you feel about that? It's always good. I mean, what do you think? What people say that they like your show? It's always good. I think with youtube, the thing is you're putting so much of your personality and mind out there that when people are coming up to you, they really know things about you. So it's a little different, you feel gratitude. But some, I think I've reached a point in my life where I feel a little scared also when we do it's too much. Yeah. I never thought I'd ever say that but it's become that I'm probably way less famous than you even in Belgium. So I don't get to that level yet. Do your kids know how big you are? Like in business? Yeah. But, you know, I think most people don't understand. I mean, what is the value of the company today is uh 4.5 billion. What is 4.5 billions of euro? No, nobody knows. It's, it's just numbers, uh, is it, it seems to be a lot. But what does it mean? It's difficult to relate to that kind of numbers. The thought of selling your business has never crossed your head. No, no, for sure. We will never sell and I will never go public neither. I don't want to be a public company because you don't want that. You like how you're working, right? The reason is that um uh public companies tend to refocus on the short term, you know, you have to uh publish earning codes with the, the sales number and if the numbers are good, everyone is happy, they buy the shares. If numbers are bad, people are not happy and your employees are frustrated because they have shares and it's bad. So public companies have a tendency to focus on the short term to saves, saves of the moments of the quarter and so on. I don't want that the success of FU is always to build for the long term. And I don't want to see on to look for the short term or the sales number of the quarter. One, the other thing is I'm so much focused on productivity and efficiency. Uh When you get public, you need extra layers of reporting transparency, uh anything like that. Uh So second reason I don't want that I want to be super efficient, decide right away instead of asking the board of directors. Um And third, I like open and transparent communication. You know, I just said the company was 4.5 billion of euro. If I was a public company, I could go to jail because I disclosed information uh not be before the earning calls. I think if, if I would have sent that to maybe not publicly but to some I could go to jail. I don't want that. I want to be able to say whatever I want to inform my employees uh and be transparent. Why do you think founders choose to go public? I think a lot of them don't understand, it's just a way to get cash. Um But to understand the consequence of that, most of them don't catch it really another thing. It's bad. I think as a source of cash public is quite good, it's efficient but it comes with some drawbacks like you have to uh have extra layers of reporting complexity. You cannot disclose information and it will refocus the mindset to the short term for some companies. It's good. Some companies need to focus on the short term but it's not us. You know, I would go as far as saying and I might be totally wrong while saying this, but I think there's a bit of a glamour factor also. Yeah, it's a way of being recognized but it's very short term. Like the moment you get public, everyone praise you, you get a lot of praise and then it goes back to reality after deal with the devil. Yeah, you get the same articles that we publish the de because it not big deal. But, um, I'm extreme in everything I do for me. If I lose 1% of productivity, it's bad. I wouldn't want that for do. Um, but, but it's not the devil. It's a, what's the best career advice you ever got in your life from someone? Just do it. That's true because a lot of people a re thinking waiting for the good idea. Um, deciding how we should do it sometime it's just about move on, get the job done first, get the job and maybe it works. Maybe it won't work. But at least you move forward and what's the worst advice you have about advice? I don't know. Um, open uh uh, no, I didn't get bad advice. I didn't follow advice. I don't have mentors and everything. I was working in the other office, which is a farm, in a farm, quite alone, not meeting a lot of people. So I didn't get a lot of feedback. I'm gonna give you a compliment again. Same compliment. You're a crazy guy. Like I have not met anyone like you on the show. No, I think a lot of people who bootstrap do that. You start from where you are and your small things and I don't just mean your professional and even the guy you are, it's very different man. Like, you know, I, I have not seen this on the show and I've spoken to like 600 people, like I've not met someone who's done so much materially, but it's still so humble. Like I still feel you're like a code on the inside. You know, you, that's what I love. I am. A but then that affects a lot of how you look at life. Like someone, not someone else. Many other people in your position would have accomplished what you've accomplished at this point. Either would have chosen to sell it off and just relax or, you know, live more. But then will they be happy by doing that? I think different people have different life stories for me. There is nothing better that I can do than to do. The best I can do is to continue improving the software for companies. It's, I feel like I don't see what I can do better than that, I mean, are you changing as a person as you age? Not as a professional as a human being. Are you changing? I become better. No, I think, no, I become slower because of the age. Um But I think the vision and uh what I wanted to do has always been the same uh not at the very beginning but after a few years it, it has been there. How do you look at Silicon Valley and San Francisco generally? Is it, is it always going to be the center of tech in the world or? Yes, they have a big advance. Um For not for the reason we think the main reason is the cash. They have so many V CS or old ex Google employs with plenty of millions to invest that basically any ID can, can live there and when, when all the ID can leave, some of them will be good and will make a good company. Do you visit? I have an office in San Francisco. Yes. And before office was in uh uh in Silicon Valley and I lived three years there. You lived three years with the family? Yes. Can you talk to me more right now? You're OK to talk to me. Are you getting bored? No, you're enjoying this. I just want to stretch the conversation more. I want to get to know more. Let's go. You don't mind me asking all these questions, right? Like all this time How are you feeling, by the way, in this? Iiiii, I enjoy the, the, the, it's good. We have a good conversation and it's fun because you're getting to think. Uh, yes. And for me it's a different thing that what I used to do. So it's good. Ok. Um, usually people like yourself who come on the show, it's a thought exercise for them because the questions go, like, pretty intense. So, especially entrepreneurs enjoyed being on the show because they get to think much more. They get to reflect. I don't know if you're in that zone. I don't need to think that much because I know my subject. So these things I'm used to talk about. So what value is this conversation adding to you? Not, not, not just you, I'm surprised that you find that the discussion is so good for you that you get a lot of value from it for me just no matter. Ok, but you are adding a lot of value. Like that's why I'm surprised. And it's good to hear. I'm sure this one is going to get international viewers as well because you've not just spoken to the Indian audiences. You know, you've spoken to like, like a lot of people want to expand the businesses in India and they don't know how to my solution to all of them. And I've been asked this question abroad is I think you need to tie up with an Indian partner. Like Indians have the team mentality also like as we value to find. Uh So, I mean, that was my advice until today's podcast. Now, I'll just send them this podcast. Look at this guy's story. Um Maybe before we talk about America, one small question about India for the other foreigner founders, you know, founders from other countries who want to expand in this country. What's your advice to them? I think you just do it. Uh just uh book a flight ticket and come there a few weeks, discuss with people, meet people and in general are very entrepreneurial mindset. So you will find good relationship that you can start using and developing. Just a matter of what I did is that just go to India once you, once you are there, things naturally develop and this whole angle about the population being really big, it's a very legitimate reason to be here, right? Like because the market size is that big and it's growing, it's 8% growth of the GDP per year. It's bigger as in a population that's becoming richer, a big population that's becoming richer. That's the business logic about being here, right? Because at the end of the day, business has to be a little ruthless and mat mathematical. For me, the the initial reason I went to India is but um I was growing very fast in Belgium. Um I was a small company like 20 employees when I went to India and when you grow fast, I was signing project that was um the revenue of the project was bigger than my turnover. The presenting year. So bigger project more than my turnover. But once you do that, you quickly need to recruit and set up the team to deliver the client. And the problem I faced in Belgium. Um If I needed, I had 20 reports. If I needed 20 more, it was like 6 to 9 months to get them, but I just signed a client so I needed it right away. So it's not, it's not so much about the cost of the developers. It was that I needed to uh grow faster. And um and so I had this before because at the end, I wanted to recruit in Belgium. So I recruited Indians so that I have more time to catch up with my, they were sitting in India. Yes. How did you come to know that India has this developer access? Oh Everyone knows that everyone in the tech world knows that. If it was a center of the world, everyone knows that. Like you've heard of invoices and T CS, of course. But have you heard of them before you came to India? And how do you look at invoices and TC si never work with them. So I don't know. But what have you heard it? I mean T CS is 400,000 people. Can you imagine? 400 thousands? It's, it's huge. I saw you reading a book about the Tata group. Yeah, I just thought it page 20 or something. Why are you reading that? I read a lot of books but specifically the Tata Group book you're reading because you're in India. Uh, yes. But I think I would have read it before. No, I just, because it's one of the book I'm reading now. Ok. Coming back to America. Uh, three years in Silicon Valley. You live there? Yes. Uh Tell me everything, man. Like, what was your life like? What were the conversations like? Did you actually get a view of the future? Did you have conversations about A I back then? Which year is this one was seven or eight years ago? So 2015 around that time was they talk about or opening all this even back, nobody was talking about at the time you enjoyed your time in America? Yes, very much. Um I prefer India because the because of the experience so much uh San Francisco is very much like Belgium. It looks like a European uh city. Um So it's the closest you can get from a European city in America, I would say. Um and India, it is so much different that I like because of the experience um in the US, it's very different from here. Um The Americans have a totally different approach to purchasing a software in India. I told you it starts with the price. How much does it cost and then I'll look at the software if it's good or not. How do you sell to an American? An American? You have to make him dream. He wants something beautiful, super clean, he wants to dream. It's emotional. Uh and it has to be perfect. Uh If an Indian, if it's not perfect, you will find a way to use the product. He will, he will always succeed to use the product. And it's just the price point as the seller. And if it's not perfect, he knows he can use it. He will, it's OK. There is a small book there, you will just turn it around and use it differently. And for them, it's normal in America, it has to be very good, super clean. They are so used to have very mature software on their market that they are used to the perfect everything. And so for me, it took like 23 years to make the, the product up to the standard of what an American expected. Um That's why I relocated there because I had to understand what exactly that. But once you get there, then it gets easy because they are huge consumers. They even buy everything on credit. So they, they, they, they can put a lot of money once they, once they like the products and very quickly the way you learned about whatsapp marketing in India and then took it to the world. I'm sure going to America forced you to become a way better product and then you took that way better. My challenge for the America was more the design that old design was not on par with to stand out of Americans. Uh At the time, no, it's very good uh better than the best. Uh But at the time, we were our design, our product was super powerful, but design was not as clean as what an American expect. So we had to fix that in order to start uh the American business. No, it's our number one country in terms of revenue. And this is because of the feedback loops. In America, you spoke to customers. They said that you, you meet customers and you uh you spend time trying to sell. It's a good thing to try to sell for yourself. Go on the phone, doing demos with customers, check how they react and, and then you adapt to based on this feedback, what else? Life in America? Um For me, it was very much like in Europe. Uh it's, it's good life. I I for I have, I've always seen America like a big casino like um if everything is good, it's a big bet if, if you're good in your life financially. So if you have a good job, good revenues, everything's perfect. It's dream, dream of everything. You have a good education. But if one thing fail, it could be a nightmare if um you lose your job and you get sick, you can quickly get homeless. Um, if you don't have the revenue, it's very, very difficult. Um, because especially in San Francisco, it's very hard. If you, when I was in San Francisco, a lot of people had two or three different jobs because one job was not enough to sustain the family, which is hard. It's very hard. So, when you're not, we are new, you, you are not in the good classes, it's very difficult. For instance. Um Something that always surprised me is that a lot of Indians want to go to America. And what I've noticed in San Francisco is a lot of Indians who are top developers here. So they have very good salary for Indians like uh one point or two lakhs uh in India where you are a king. When you have two lakhs salary in India, you can have a very good life. You have your own driver, you can your own cleaners, uh few people working for you and then they go to America, they have a higher salary, but the salary is very low compared to the housing market, the health care market, uh education market that actually their life is lower quality, life quality is lower. That's something surprised me because I said you were the king there and you go there and you are lower. It was my big battle when I was in engineering college to not give the GRE and go to America because society was looking down upon me for it because that's societal pressure that, hey, you know what, you're probably just not ambitious enough. Why do you want to live in this country? But it was my argument that I would rather be a king here than go there and be one of the crowd. Yeah, that's a good one. And, um, so in America, if you are good, you good job, everything is great. But if you get sick or if you uh lose your apartment or something, it can quickly uh be very difficult because healthcare is super expensive. Uh education is super expensive. Um housing is very expensive. So you need to but if you have that, it's perfect dream life. But if you don't, you and and everything is related, for instance, your healthcare insurance is is related to your, to your work uh contract. So if you lose your work contract, you lose your health care insurance. And if you get sick in the in between two job, then you have to pay everything cash and it's basically impossible, can quickly be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars one kind of treatment if you have like a fracture of your arm. Yeah, but my kid had um he had a smaller issue. He had um he had temperature or something in Europe. When you have that, you go to hospital and you pay €20 or nothing because you have Social Security for a fever. So we, we did like good Europeans. We went to the hospital, uh, to check if the kids doesn't have uh, something. You get an ice cream to the, to it. So they gave him an ice cream. They check the temperature of the thing. A few medicines came back. Thing. We went there 30 minutes. Uh, it costed us $2100. It was €20 in Europe. And so if you are rich, no problem. If you are in an insurance, we didn't have an insurance because we were Europeans. If you have an insurance, that's ok. But if it happens and that's a very small thing. So imagine a real accident. If it happens at a bad time, it could be a real life changing moment. So which actually happens to people. Uh It's for people, there are lots of homeless. So you would be surprised about the crime and the homeless people in San Francisco. So again, I don't know how true this is because I have not been to America since 2018. But we've had people who've come on the show and they, they're saying that parts of America are growing a lot like new cities, Austin is coming up a lot. Denver is coming up a lot. But the old power centers which is New York and San Francisco are degrading. Yeah, that's true. That's true. That's true. People are leaving San Francisco because of price increasing drugs, increasing homeless. Increasing and the costs are super high. So they want to relocate, especially now with, after the pandemic and uh homework facilities that people prefer to relocate. But it's still a big business market. It's still Google Microsoft, but it's difficult to beat. How do Europeans generally look at America? Is it aspirational to go there? Yeah, I think we have a lot of things to learn. Like in product design, they are very good marketing. They are the pro of marketing uh service. They a re the pro of service, uh like all they serve in restaurant or uh they are very good in a lot of things. So, uh they are either for real reasons but they also drawback. That's why it's a mix. What I like the most about Americans are the conversations, best conversations I ever heard on American podcast and that says a lot. Yeah, they are very good storytellers. But it's because when, when they get kids, they, my kids, when they were there a very young age, like three years or four years old, they, they are on the stage in front of the class and they have to present things every week. So they get very early on in their, uh teaching, they teach kids to present things. They had something called, uh, what was the name? I don't remember the name of the thing, but every week the kid had to bring something from home, go in front of every student and explain why it is intel and every week. And so they practice a lot of that, which is difficult when you do interviews. Because when I arrived in the US and I did interviews with, everyone felt very smart for me, but most of them were bullshitting or trying to, to, to show themselves better than what they are. Um It took me time to understand because when you listen to them, they are so good that it feels that they are really, really, really good. The reality is a bit different is they're very good at selling talking. Uh So you have to look behind that. How do you look behind it? Uh I think it's come with experience on recognition. Yeah, you need to pick up a bull. Yeah. Uh um One of the thing we do in recruitment is uh we don't discuss too much uh to do. Uh We actually do real exercise. So if you recruit a developer making, develop, if you uh recruit an engineer, making design, architecture, understand business law to take discuss about, but don't talk about the resume, they will just make you feel like they a re the best. If you talk about resume, you won't understand anything. Yeah. Uh I was telling some American friends of mine. These are not like Indian Americans, like American Americans, white guys, black guys, I was telling them that what I admire about your culture a lot is the wholesales culture. You project yourself very well. Like I have learned that and honestly I'm using it in India. I think there's a lot for Indians alone because we are the opposite of it. Like, for us there's a lot of people who, even if they're really good, they're too shy to tell. Do you see that about India? Yeah. Americans are much, much better than that. Something India can learn from America. Of course, that marketing product design, they're very good on this. What would you hire an American for marketing? For sure, especially if in content, content, writer storytelling. Uh they are very good because of the show and Dell and I think because of the television culture also, it's their native language for English is a second language. Uh So I'm pretty sure for me, at least I would have better answer in French. Uh It helps when it's your native language. What would you hire me for? Like now that you've gotten to know me um content, would you hire me? We, we do a lot of videos. Uh uh I don't think I can afford you. No, if I have the Yeah, for, for content, it's having good people inin terms of content doing video. It's super important. We do, you know, we produce uh to do something like uh 600 videos per year. So we have a huge TM of content uh video production. We have a podcast on youtube mostly for maintaining your community. Yes. So it's mostly about education. We um have videos about how you can improve your sales, how you can better do your accounting project management or you can build a website with a do so it's more about tutorials, things like that. Um But it's very important for the community. Let's have a larger conversation here. OK, about content and community because this is just a theoretical thing. I've heard from a lot of people and I don't see that really happening in India right now, other than with a few brands, so every brand says build your own community and then monetize it. But I don't actually see too much of that happening. OK. Now parallel going back to a conversation about how you scale your business. You said that one of your main marketing angles is that you have an active community. No, yes and no. Um Developing a community is not the role of marketing, it helps marketing, but we have a very strong committee because of development because we worked, we are open source so people can download and modify our software. So even students in universities, their teacher organized courses or not do and they go on github. So they collaborate with us on github. They make what we call pull requests. So they propose features, they develop new features on the software. They propose to us we have a community because we collaborate together to build something you don't build a community just with marketing, that's not community, that's segment of a market uh customer segment, but it's not marketing, marketing is something where we do something together and doing something. Uh The committee sorry is about doing something good together. We have a very strong committee. We have two types of committee partners and committee who are not contract. We don't even have a contract with us. But uh the committee works because they are generating revenues from a do. Um Not because we market to them. Um And so that depends on us, we work together, they develop new features for us because these communities are developers or partner or consultant who sell service on the do. And it's a big ecosystem. One thing people misunderstood usually with a do is that they think, OK, it's a company of 4000 people. The reality is not that ODO is an ecosystem with 200,000 people whose full time job is to work on a do, selling, developing or doing consulting only. And that is a community when your people rely on your products because it's their life or their work um that becomes a community of fans and, and, and the way you behave with them, we collaborate with them. So they, we develop together on the same feature. They can have the source code for product, improve things, send back to us for feedback. That's a community organization. Marketing is not marketing is customer segment. What is the purpose of the content you're creating uh helping this community. So it's about teaching educating. It's not about marketing, it's not about selling. It's about making them become smarter and better. So that actually then they can look back into adding value because if they are smart and better, they will sell more to service and then I will get revenues, but it's all about them. It's not about us. Uh It's something a lot of companies miss in marketing is that it's all about your people. It's not about you um content as a skill. Does it have a role to play in the future of worldwide businesses? Uh For sure is it's an important skill to be more and more. I mean, look at the influencer marketing, it's exploding content uh everywhere is exploding and there are some areas where it's very well behind. So um like B two C is very mature, there are a lot of influence of marketing in B two CB two B, there's barely nothing, it's very limited. So it's like we are the very, very beginning of B to B marketing on content, whether it's video or podcast or whatever, it's very early days. I would say it's more mature in B two C. So it means that we still have a few years of strong growth on this market because of that, because of the B two B, we'd only start to address this. If one has content related skills like editing, OK? Someone is a very good editor, very good content creator. Uh You would hire that person. Yes. And would other international businesses also hire these kind of people? Yeah, you don't need a lot. So for instance, I had to do over 4000 people have seven. We do uh because it's not a core business, you, you would work for a content company that would be totally different. Um But despite everything we do in marketing, we have seven out of 4000 people who do content editing, got it, whether it's audio video. Uh We have more designers, designers, we have a lot uh designer. I think we have 70 something around 70 because we offer that as a service for our client because we have an app which is a website builder. Uh And, and it's part of our service to say you want to improve the design. We can also do service on top of the website builder, you know, Naval Ravikant. No, he's a big like uh tech influencer on Twitter and he's, he's very big in America. So he has a saying and he's very respected in the tech community in America especially, but also India. Now, uh he said that if you know how to code or if you know how to create good quality of content, then it's likely that you will make money in the future code, everyone understands like how you can make money. But do you agree with the content side of things that if you know how to make good quality content, it's more difficult. I think in the early days, a lot of successful uh uh artist to content creator um that we started 5, 10 years ago. It was much easier today. It's more difficult, but it's still true. Um The very good best guys, but it's a bit, I believe it's a bit like a sport. Only the top 16 to go out of the Crow. True. You're talking about content creation. Yes, you're not talking about content percentage that are extremely good will make it a big business. Have you ever thought of what makes those few very good, like in your eyes? What makes a good content create? I'm not a good content consumer. So I don't know, I, I don't watch that much. Fair to say that in your eyes. It's just numbers the guys because I'm assuming that that's uh let's speak about to do because I have a big content team. But uh for or do not, we serve a different purpose. It's not about views, it's about helping others, but still views are useful for us. Um For me, it's about educating. So the, the viewer should learn something to have fun while he learns. But he, it should be better after having viewed the videos. I'm not so much about entertainment. There is a big business on but uh as a company, I really, what I really like is when we provide value. I used to say that developers, they create value, they create the value of the in the product uh marketing on content, they create the perception of the value. You can create the best value you want if people don't understand it, uh it's not a value because they won't use it. So you need, you need both. What have you picked up about content creation today? Um A, a podcast or interview show is similar to what we used to do in Europe. I feel like it's the same kind of discussion. Like you've done a podcast in your big ones. OK. And they've asked you similar questions. Uh No, not similar question. But um the idea are the same if we have to be open, have a good discussion. Um uh What interest people is all the same. I think they want to learn. How do I expand in Europe as a content creator? I think you are better at your job than me. I think you better know than me. How do I reach you view? How can more European people who are in positions of power get to know that I exist? Um Maybe uh we'll rephrase the question is what do you guys need in terms of content? I think that uh content creator um it's like product, it's something you build on the long term, you have to start small and acquire and acquire and acquire. There is no like there is no magic formula of how can I get 1 million of views uh directly. Uh It doesn't work that way. You have to build, improve, improve, adapt to the audience. And it's because you do it for 5 to 10 years that it starts to get big. Um aud the audience in Europe, for instance, or in America, it's difficult because um you know, the largest B to B um youtube channel in Belgium is 20 K subscribers. So you as an Indian, you will be probably very frustrated in Europe, in Belgium, in France, it's a little bit bigger, but still we are not talking about the same number of uh of viewers. How do you look at the future of social media from your global perspective um for or do as a brand is great. It's a way to educate people the way they, where they are somehow on Instagram, on youtube. But it's a way for us to distribute education and explain and teach and teach to our community. So, in a way it's very good. Um Yeah, it's good. What do you think is the future of social media in the world? Have you ever thought of this? Um No, I've never thought about this. I think it's bad for kids. Uh So I'm not sure the future is uh maybe I don't know if you are at the top or if it will continue growing uh in terms of uh value it provides to humanity. Um because obviously there is some drawbacks to it. Um You know, the IQ um Well, since we measure IQ like 100 something years has always increased. Um And there a re a lot of people who have an IQs superior to today, uh it always increased over the past uh five or 10 years. I, I don't know, it decreased. Uh And social media is one of the two reasons uh about it. It's because when you always watch TV, spend time on social media or play video games, um your, your brain is not thinking uh and you are probably losing your ability to concentrate yourself. Do you play video games? No, not so much. I, I developed video games. I developed a lot but I didn't play. Is there anything you do outside of work for fun? Uh being with friends, party with friends? I like uh but I walk a lot and because for me, work is fun. Um I prefer to, I mean, work is for me is building things, creating things, innovation. This is super fun. It's um problem solving, it's creative, it's always different. It's very fun. I think very few people in the world find the thing that they were born to do. And you're one of those lucky guys you're born, I want to do this job and you probably want to like uh I really enjoy my job. Like it gets a lot quantity wise and and being happy doesn't mean easy. So you have to work a lot. You sometimes do things you don't like you, but only know if you like the output of what you do, then you will be happy. You know, I have not asked these kind of questions for a very long time on the show because there was a phase with this podcast where people wanted to know personalities and it was about self improvement. And I've kind of removed those questions from the show and I've made it more about culture and you know, the future. But when I meet people like you, I have to go back to that original set of questions sometimes because you are a very rare, you know, you've got material success but still personalities in the right place. Heart is in the right place, which for me is like the most important, which is why I'm asking you this. And it's probably the last question of today. Tell me more like the worst moment of your life or the most painful moment or the moment you felt the most shame. Um I've had very difficult times and usually these difficult times were very difficult at the moment. But I noticed a few years after that at 30 it was a good thing. I, I can give you a few examples. Uh One of the very hard time is when I had the company, six res uh five Ries at the time. And um three developers and, and one admin and uh and me and the three developers they left at the same time. So from one day to another, I had nobody to deliver the service. I had to do everything myself for four people. And uh they did that and usually they did that by preparing uh a product that is a competitor to do it failed, but they did that. So a few months before they stopped delivering service to clients. So I also had, at the same time, a lot of clients complaining that I have to satisfy myself when it happens, I was like down, very, very, very down. So it's very hard for me. I was like, how can I, how old do we go back? Uh I don't know, maybe 2027 or something. Uh How do I get back to that? And, and then I walked and I walked, I recruited other people. And after that, like once the, the storm ended up, I, I noticed myself actually, it was a good thing. I needed them to leave and to start with new employees, it was very difficult on the moment. But for the life in the life of the company, that's been a good thing. Um But you don't notice that when it happens, you only see it very closely like, oh no, I will suffer. I was already working 14 hours a day. No, I have to work even more and I will have a great customer and so on. But uh it turns out to be a very good thing because it allows me to turn down the company start again with people with a better mindset and, and do better things any other moment. Um No, but it's the, the, the, the, the key things to, to, to get from that is that the most difficult times are usually what makes you better after or makes you learn something Fabian? Thank you. Thank you so much. I asked you my own questions, man. Like I think India needed a bit of a global business perspective. First time we're doing that on the show, I enjoyed every bit of this conversation. There wasn't even one part where I got board because you gave such different perspectives, man. So, uh usually at the end of my podcast, I compliment the guest on something I picked up about the person through the course of this episode. But I've already told you all my compliments. You, you have to stop complimenting. I've been too nice. Yeah, but uh I really appreciate your time. That's the best compliment I can give you. I totally know how busy you might be. And all I say is this will add value to lives for like 1020 years at least. So, thank you Fabian. Thank you for having me and we will see you very soon. Thank you. That was the episode for today. Please go and follow Fabian on all the social media handles. I've linked it down below. I'd love for you guys to tell me what you thought of today's conversation. I absolutely adore doing business conversations. I love learning from people who aren't Indian because sometimes I feel like when you get to hear perspectives that are completely different from the perspectives we hear all around us, it forces you to question the stuff you've heard until that point. Of course, no one's completely right or wrong. But it's very, very important to get these kind of data points. So throughout these three hours of speaking with Fabian, I found my preconceived notions being a little bit challenged. The way I looked at business definitely changed after this conversation. The way I look at international expansion of my business has changed very drastically. So personally, for me in this podcast, I gained value. I hope that this reaches the right audiences. I hope that every Indian entrepreneur comes across this conversation because I personally felt like there was a lot to learn. As is the case with TS always, every conversation is an extraction of knowledge, data and experiences. Make sure you keep supporting, make sure you check out a massive library of podcasts as well. DRS will be back soon and we will be back soon and we'll bring you another explosive episode of the RV show."}],"items":[{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.606","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"0.009","end_time":"0.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"a"}],"start_time":"0.3","end_time":"0.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.873","content":"multibillionaire"}],"start_time":"0.319","end_time":"1.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"European"}],"start_time":"1.789","end_time":"2.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"founder"}],"start_time":"2.64","end_time":"3.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.768","content":"who's"}],"start_time":"3.099","end_time":"3.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"moved"}],"start_time":"3.289","end_time":"3.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3.559","end_time":"3.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.221","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"3.7","end_time":"4.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4.4","end_time":"4.92"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"5.0","end_time":"5.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"5.389","end_time":"5.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5.559","end_time":"5.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"5.61","end_time":"5.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"5.9","end_time":"6.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"In"}],"start_time":"6.48","end_time":"6.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"6.53","end_time":"7.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"7.039","end_time":"7.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"7.23","end_time":"7.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"7.329","end_time":"7.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"ruler"}],"start_time":"7.349","end_time":"7.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"7.65","end_time":"7.769"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"7.78","end_time":"7.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"7.969","end_time":"8.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"8.119","end_time":"8.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"never"}],"start_time":"8.279","end_time":"8.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"8.59","end_time":"8.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"8.739","end_time":"8.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"8.88","end_time":"9.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"9.079","end_time":"9.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"9.279","end_time":"9.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"9.6","end_time":"9.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"9.779","end_time":"10.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"10.21","end_time":"10.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"10.38","end_time":"10.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"10.479","end_time":"10.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"10.67","end_time":"10.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"10.819","end_time":"11.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"11.17","end_time":"11.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"11.71","end_time":"11.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where"}],"start_time":"11.92","end_time":"12.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"12.14","end_time":"12.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"12.3","end_time":"12.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"12.51","end_time":"12.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"12.729","end_time":"12.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"12.75","end_time":"13.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"redemption"}],"start_time":"13.05","end_time":"13.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"13.55","end_time":"13.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"memories"}],"start_time":"13.739","end_time":"13.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"No"}],"start_time":"14.079","end_time":"14.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"one's"}],"start_time":"14.34","end_time":"14.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"14.579","end_time":"14.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"said"}],"start_time":"14.789","end_time":"14.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"14.859","end_time":"15.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"15.1","end_time":"15.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"this"}],"start_time":"15.479","end_time":"15.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"show"}],"start_time":"15.75","end_time":"16.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"they"}],"start_time":"16.18","end_time":"16.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"should"}],"start_time":"16.469","end_time":"16.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"17.379","end_time":"17.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"17.739","end_time":"17.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"17.959","end_time":"18.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"18.209","end_time":"18.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"18.329","end_time":"18.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"19.0","end_time":"19.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"19.11","end_time":"19.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"19.319","end_time":"19.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"19.7","end_time":"19.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"19.829","end_time":"20.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"20.149","end_time":"20.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"20.34","end_time":"20.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"20.45","end_time":"20.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"20.879","end_time":"21.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"did"}],"start_time":"21.264","end_time":"21.395"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"21.405","end_time":"21.454"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"21.465","end_time":"21.735"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"21.745","end_time":"21.844"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"21.854","end_time":"22.444"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"22.674","end_time":"22.924"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"22.934","end_time":"23.225"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"23.235","end_time":"23.385"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"23.395","end_time":"23.465"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reality"}],"start_time":"23.475","end_time":"23.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.75","content":"check"}],"start_time":"24.004","end_time":"24.245"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"before"}],"start_time":"24.254","end_time":"24.764"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"24.774","end_time":"24.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"25.004","end_time":"25.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"25.155","end_time":"25.225"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"25.235","end_time":"25.625"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"25.635","end_time":"25.694"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saw"}],"start_time":"25.704","end_time":"25.905"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"25.915","end_time":"26.215"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"26.225","end_time":"26.395"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"26.405","end_time":"26.725"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"26.735","end_time":"26.844"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"then"}],"start_time":"26.854","end_time":"27.004"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"27.014","end_time":"27.084"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"27.094","end_time":"27.405"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.773","content":"is"}],"start_time":"27.415","end_time":"27.594"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"27.604","end_time":"27.655"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"27.665","end_time":"27.965"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"27.975","end_time":"28.065"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"28.075","end_time":"28.204"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"28.215","end_time":"29.065"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"29.075","end_time":"29.174"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"29.184","end_time":"29.495"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.601","content":"appoint"}],"start_time":"29.504","end_time":"29.784"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"29.795","end_time":"29.805"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"29.815","end_time":"30.194"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"30.204","end_time":"30.264"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"China"}],"start_time":"30.274","end_time":"30.614"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"30.625","end_time":"30.635"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"30.645","end_time":"30.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"31.004","end_time":"31.065"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"31.075","end_time":"31.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"has"}],"start_time":"31.334","end_time":"31.524"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"31.534","end_time":"31.604"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"31.614","end_time":"31.725"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"owned"}],"start_time":"31.735","end_time":"31.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"by"}],"start_time":"32.005","end_time":"32.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"a"}],"start_time":"32.154","end_time":"32.165"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"32.174","end_time":"32.555"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"person"}],"start_time":"32.564","end_time":"33.005"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"If"}],"start_time":"33.014","end_time":"33.255"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"33.264","end_time":"33.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"33.314","end_time":"33.395"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"33.404","end_time":"33.474"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"33.485","end_time":"33.735"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"33.744","end_time":"33.904"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"33.915","end_time":"34.174"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"34.185","end_time":"34.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"invest"}],"start_time":"34.314","end_time":"34.685"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"34.694","end_time":"34.775"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"34.784","end_time":"34.884"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"34.895","end_time":"35.325"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"35.544","end_time":"35.744"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"35.755","end_time":"35.915"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"35.924","end_time":"35.935"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"35.944","end_time":"36.064"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"36.075","end_time":"36.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"36.154","end_time":"36.384"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.505","content":"the"}],"start_time":"36.395","end_time":"36.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"second"}],"start_time":"36.424","end_time":"36.825"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"36.834","end_time":"37.284"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"37.395","end_time":"37.465"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"would"}],"start_time":"37.474","end_time":"37.674"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"37.685","end_time":"37.784"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"37.794","end_time":"38.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"too"}],"start_time":"38.134","end_time":"38.424"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Really"}],"start_time":"38.615","end_time":"39.325"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"39.334","end_time":"39.875"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"39.884","end_time":"40.095"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"40.104","end_time":"40.165"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"no"}],"start_time":"40.174","end_time":"40.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"40.314","end_time":"40.564"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"40.575","end_time":"41.104"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"41.115","end_time":"41.354"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"41.365","end_time":"41.474"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"level"}],"start_time":"41.485","end_time":"41.794"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"41.805","end_time":"41.915"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.189","content":"opportunities"}],"start_time":"42.044","end_time":"42.244"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"43.47","end_time":"43.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"43.97","end_time":"44.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"other"}],"start_time":"44.29","end_time":"44.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigner"}],"start_time":"44.7","end_time":"45.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"founders"}],"start_time":"45.409","end_time":"46.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"you"}],"start_time":"46.009","end_time":"46.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"know"}],"start_time":"46.09","end_time":"46.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"founders"}],"start_time":"46.119","end_time":"46.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"46.68","end_time":"46.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"46.869","end_time":"47.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"47.04","end_time":"47.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"who"}],"start_time":"47.369","end_time":"47.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"47.4","end_time":"47.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"47.63","end_time":"47.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"47.689","end_time":"48.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"48.13","end_time":"48.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"48.2","end_time":"48.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"48.369","end_time":"48.869"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.919","content":"What's"}],"start_time":"49.169","end_time":"49.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"49.439","end_time":"49.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"49.599","end_time":"49.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"49.93","end_time":"50.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"50.029","end_time":"50.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"book"}],"start_time":"50.33","end_time":"50.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"50.759","end_time":"50.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"flight"}],"start_time":"50.779","end_time":"51.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ticket"}],"start_time":"51.11","end_time":"51.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"51.65","end_time":"51.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"come"}],"start_time":"51.909","end_time":"52.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"52.15","end_time":"52.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"a"}],"start_time":"52.349","end_time":"52.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"52.369","end_time":"52.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"weeks"}],"start_time":"52.61","end_time":"52.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"52.9","end_time":"53.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"53.139","end_time":"53.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"and"}],"start_time":"53.61","end_time":"53.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"in"}],"start_time":"53.799","end_time":"53.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"general"}],"start_time":"53.919","end_time":"54.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.679","content":"are"}],"start_time":"54.119","end_time":"54.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"54.169","end_time":"54.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneur"}],"start_time":"54.459","end_time":"54.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"54.919","end_time":"55.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"55.529","end_time":"55.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"55.729","end_time":"55.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"55.869","end_time":"55.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"56.0","end_time":"56.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"56.22","end_time":"56.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"relationship"}],"start_time":"56.389","end_time":"56.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"56.889","end_time":"57.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"57.02","end_time":"57.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"57.139","end_time":"57.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"start"}],"start_time":"57.47","end_time":"57.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"using"}],"start_time":"57.97","end_time":"58.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.48","content":"and"}],"start_time":"58.49","end_time":"58.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"59.049","end_time":"59.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.602","content":"are"}],"start_time":"59.189","end_time":"59.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"start_time":"59.259","end_time":"59.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"59.279","end_time":"59.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"memorable"}],"start_time":"59.419","end_time":"59.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"59.919","end_time":"60.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"60.279","end_time":"60.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"60.909","end_time":"61.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"61.069","end_time":"61.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"done"}],"start_time":"61.189","end_time":"61.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"61.459","end_time":"61.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"61.74","end_time":"62.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"62.29","end_time":"62.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"62.369","end_time":"63.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"63.09","end_time":"63.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.782","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"63.279","end_time":"63.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"63.479","end_time":"63.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"humble"}],"start_time":"63.729","end_time":"64.349"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"you"}],"start_time":"64.36","end_time":"64.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"know"}],"start_time":"64.47","end_time":"64.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"64.51","end_time":"64.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"64.54","end_time":"64.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"64.86","end_time":"64.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"64.97","end_time":"65.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"65.199","end_time":"65.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"man"}],"start_time":"65.569","end_time":"65.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"65.849","end_time":"66.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"66.37","end_time":"66.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"66.389","end_time":"66.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"66.79","end_time":"67.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"67.019","end_time":"67.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"67.309","end_time":"67.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"67.72","end_time":"67.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"67.9","end_time":"67.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"67.98","end_time":"68.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"see"}],"start_time":"68.199","end_time":"68.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"68.37","end_time":"68.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"68.459","end_time":"68.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"68.73","end_time":"68.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"68.8","end_time":"68.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"68.98","end_time":"69.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"69.019","end_time":"69.48"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"As"}],"start_time":"71.97","end_time":"72.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"72.569","end_time":"72.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recording"}],"start_time":"72.72","end_time":"73.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"73.269","end_time":"73.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"intro"}],"start_time":"73.55","end_time":"74.269"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Mister"}],"start_time":"74.66","end_time":"75.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Fabian"}],"start_time":"75.089","end_time":"75.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"Punker"}],"start_time":"75.76","end_time":"76.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"has"}],"start_time":"76.199","end_time":"76.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"76.76","end_time":"77.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"left"}],"start_time":"77.08","end_time":"77.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"our"}],"start_time":"77.599","end_time":"77.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"studio"}],"start_time":"78.0","end_time":"78.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"78.66","end_time":"79.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"79.139","end_time":"79.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"three"}],"start_time":"79.16","end_time":"79.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"hour"}],"start_time":"79.54","end_time":"79.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"79.79","end_time":"80.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"80.44","end_time":"80.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rarely"}],"start_time":"80.47","end_time":"81.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"stretch"}],"start_time":"81.199","end_time":"81.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversations"}],"start_time":"81.79","end_time":"82.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"82.449","end_time":"82.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"82.58","end_time":"82.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"82.66","end_time":"82.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"82.86","end_time":"83.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"hour"}],"start_time":"83.069","end_time":"83.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mark"}],"start_time":"83.12","end_time":"83.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"unless"}],"start_time":"83.65","end_time":"84.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"84.129","end_time":"84.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"truly"}],"start_time":"84.16","end_time":"84.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"84.919","end_time":"85.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"85.43","end_time":"85.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"85.97","end_time":"86.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"extracting"}],"start_time":"86.16","end_time":"86.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"86.839","end_time":"87.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"out"}],"start_time":"87.199","end_time":"87.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"87.36","end_time":"87.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"87.459","end_time":"87.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guest"}],"start_time":"87.599","end_time":"88.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"created"}],"start_time":"88.62","end_time":"89.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"89.269","end_time":"89.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"89.29","end_time":"89.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"89.889","end_time":"90.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"90.589","end_time":"90.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"90.72","end_time":"90.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"90.8","end_time":"91.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"91.209","end_time":"91.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"91.489","end_time":"91.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"91.51","end_time":"91.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"long"}],"start_time":"91.9","end_time":"92.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"92.23","end_time":"92.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"92.529","end_time":"93.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"93.05","end_time":"93.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"93.33","end_time":"93.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"story"}],"start_time":"93.699","end_time":"94.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"94.08","end_time":"94.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"94.169","end_time":"94.639"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"94.65","end_time":"94.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"interesting"}],"start_time":"94.87","end_time":"95.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"95.849","end_time":"96.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"96.209","end_time":"96.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"saw"}],"start_time":"96.37","end_time":"96.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"96.73","end_time":"96.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"96.889","end_time":"97.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"trailer"}],"start_time":"97.01","end_time":"97.73"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"98.05","end_time":"98.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"98.419","end_time":"99.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"99.08","end_time":"99.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"self"}],"start_time":"99.099","end_time":"99.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.556","content":"made"}],"start_time":"99.65","end_time":"99.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"billionaire"}],"start_time":"99.93","end_time":"100.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"who"}],"start_time":"100.54","end_time":"100.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"now"}],"start_time":"100.68","end_time":"100.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"finds"}],"start_time":"100.849","end_time":"101.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"himself"}],"start_time":"101.209","end_time":"101.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"101.76","end_time":"101.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"101.97","end_time":"102.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"102.699","end_time":"102.73"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"102.739","end_time":"103.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"103.209","end_time":"103.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"103.459","end_time":"103.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"103.569","end_time":"103.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"103.83","end_time":"103.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"103.889","end_time":"104.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"his"}],"start_time":"104.55","end_time":"104.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"104.68","end_time":"105.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"operations"}],"start_time":"105.069","end_time":"105.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"while"}],"start_time":"106.709","end_time":"107.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"he"}],"start_time":"107.419","end_time":"107.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sits"}],"start_time":"107.62","end_time":"108.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"108.01","end_time":"108.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"108.22","end_time":"109.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"109.22","end_time":"109.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"109.44","end_time":"109.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"course"}],"start_time":"109.58","end_time":"109.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"109.98","end_time":"110.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"spoke"}],"start_time":"110.129","end_time":"110.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"110.54","end_time":"110.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"expanding"}],"start_time":"110.86","end_time":"111.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"111.629","end_time":"112.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"within"}],"start_time":"112.36","end_time":"112.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"112.9","end_time":"113.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"113.62","end_time":"114.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"114.129","end_time":"114.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"had"}],"start_time":"114.419","end_time":"114.73"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"114.739","end_time":"114.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"114.83","end_time":"115.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"115.58","end_time":"116.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"living"}],"start_time":"116.099","end_time":"116.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"116.819","end_time":"116.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"116.86","end_time":"117.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"117.379","end_time":"117.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"117.459","end_time":"117.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"117.75","end_time":"117.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"117.819","end_time":"118.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"his"}],"start_time":"118.279","end_time":"118.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"118.389","end_time":"118.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"118.809","end_time":"118.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"118.86","end_time":"119.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"119.569","end_time":"119.769"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"119.779","end_time":"119.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"119.919","end_time":"119.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"119.94","end_time":"120.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"global"}],"start_time":"120.25","end_time":"121.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"121.019","end_time":"121.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"oriented"}],"start_time":"121.449","end_time":"121.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"121.849","end_time":"122.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"122.849","end_time":"123.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"123.54","end_time":"123.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"123.94","end_time":"124.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"124.019","end_time":"124.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"viewer"}],"start_time":"124.48","end_time":"125.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"125.019","end_time":"125.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"going"}],"start_time":"125.25","end_time":"125.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"125.48","end_time":"125.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"125.559","end_time":"125.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"125.86","end_time":"126.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"126.139","end_time":"126.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"126.41","end_time":"126.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"once"}],"start_time":"126.9","end_time":"127.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"again"}],"start_time":"127.199","end_time":"127.519"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"127.529","end_time":"127.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"127.69","end_time":"127.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"127.97","end_time":"127.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"foreigner's"}],"start_time":"127.989","end_time":"128.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"128.699","end_time":"129.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"129.259","end_time":"129.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"129.429","end_time":"129.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"129.449","end_time":"130.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"130.279","end_time":"130.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"successful"}],"start_time":"130.699","end_time":"131.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.733","content":"founder's"}],"start_time":"131.74","end_time":"132.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"132.41","end_time":"133.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"133.479","end_time":"133.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"133.72","end_time":"134.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"134.13","end_time":"134.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"134.509","end_time":"134.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"who's"}],"start_time":"134.83","end_time":"135.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"135.61","end_time":"136.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"at"}],"start_time":"136.169","end_time":"136.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"136.279","end_time":"136.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"as"}],"start_time":"136.61","end_time":"136.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"136.72","end_time":"136.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"possible"}],"start_time":"136.74","end_time":"137.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"place"}],"start_time":"137.33","end_time":"137.559"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"you'd"}],"start_time":"137.57","end_time":"137.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"137.72","end_time":"137.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"137.86","end_time":"137.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"137.96","end_time":"138.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"138.559","end_time":"138.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"own"}],"start_time":"138.83","end_time":"139.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"139.119","end_time":"139.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ventures"}],"start_time":"139.5","end_time":"140.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"This"}],"start_time":"140.44","end_time":"140.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"140.919","end_time":"141.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"141.32","end_time":"141.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ultimate"}],"start_time":"141.639","end_time":"142.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"142.089","end_time":"142.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.66","content":"on"}],"start_time":"142.27","end_time":"142.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"142.309","end_time":"142.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"143.149","end_time":"143.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"143.46","end_time":"143.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"143.479","end_time":"143.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"143.86","end_time":"144.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"forward"}],"start_time":"144.36","end_time":"144.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"144.899","end_time":"145.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"145.029","end_time":"145.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"All"}],"start_time":"145.149","end_time":"145.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"145.32","end_time":"145.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"145.41","end_time":"145.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"were"}],"start_time":"145.94","end_time":"146.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"centered"}],"start_time":"146.19","end_time":"146.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"around"}],"start_time":"146.77","end_time":"147.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"extracting"}],"start_time":"147.199","end_time":"147.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"147.919","end_time":"148.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"148.479","end_time":"148.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"148.839","end_time":"149.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"owners"}],"start_time":"149.309","end_time":"150.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"150.08","end_time":"150.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"150.279","end_time":"150.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"who"}],"start_time":"150.669","end_time":"150.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"150.82","end_time":"151.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"151.08","end_time":"151.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"151.19","end_time":"151.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"151.529","end_time":"152.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"152.639","end_time":"153.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"153.639","end_time":"154.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"markets"}],"start_time":"154.44","end_time":"155.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"155.19","end_time":"155.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"155.369","end_time":"155.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"155.389","end_time":"155.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"deep"}],"start_time":"155.639","end_time":"156.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"156.029","end_time":"156.71"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"156.72","end_time":"156.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"also"}],"start_time":"156.97","end_time":"157.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"157.259","end_time":"157.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"157.279","end_time":"157.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"157.589","end_time":"157.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"157.71","end_time":"158.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"158.059","end_time":"158.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"Fabian's"}],"start_time":"158.3","end_time":"158.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"personality"}],"start_time":"158.639","end_time":"159.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"159.22","end_time":"159.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"159.309","end_time":"159.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"159.74","end_time":"159.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.757","content":"going"}],"start_time":"159.929","end_time":"160.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"He"}],"start_time":"160.639","end_time":"161.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"161.22","end_time":"161.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"162.059","end_time":"162.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"162.44","end_time":"162.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe's"}],"start_time":"162.529","end_time":"163.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"youngest"}],"start_time":"163.05","end_time":"163.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"billionaires"}],"start_time":"163.55","end_time":"164.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"164.22","end_time":"164.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"165.009","end_time":"165.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"he"}],"start_time":"165.429","end_time":"165.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"speaks"}],"start_time":"165.63","end_time":"166.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"166.99","end_time":"167.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"167.44","end_time":"167.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"167.46","end_time":"168.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"humble"}],"start_time":"168.039","end_time":"168.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"169.74","end_time":"170.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"practical"}],"start_time":"170.19","end_time":"171.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"place"}],"start_time":"171.11","end_time":"171.69"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"enjoyed"}],"start_time":"171.779","end_time":"172.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"172.41","end_time":"172.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"172.809","end_time":"173.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"him"}],"start_time":"173.009","end_time":"173.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"173.44","end_time":"173.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"173.589","end_time":"173.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"173.699","end_time":"173.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"going"}],"start_time":"173.889","end_time":"174.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"174.11","end_time":"174.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"enjoy"}],"start_time":"174.199","end_time":"174.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"174.97","end_time":"175.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"this"}],"start_time":"175.289","end_time":"175.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"special"}],"start_time":"175.41","end_time":"175.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"episode"}],"start_time":"175.91","end_time":"176.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"176.77","end_time":"177.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"177.21","end_time":"177.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6395","content":"RV"}],"start_time":"177.839","end_time":"178.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"178.369","end_time":"178.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Fabian"}],"start_time":"198.47","end_time":"199.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Hello"}],"start_time":"199.6","end_time":"200.21"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"200.22","end_time":"200.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"are"}],"start_time":"200.77","end_time":"200.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"200.94","end_time":"201.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"201.229","end_time":"201.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"201.49","end_time":"202.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"202.429","end_time":"202.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"202.679","end_time":"202.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"202.789","end_time":"203.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"203.05","end_time":"203.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"203.139","end_time":"203.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"203.22","end_time":"203.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"honest"}],"start_time":"203.46","end_time":"203.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"203.83","end_time":"203.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"203.99","end_time":"204.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"204.039","end_time":"204.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"204.309","end_time":"204.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"start"}],"start_time":"204.44","end_time":"204.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"204.649","end_time":"205.21"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"205.96","end_time":"206.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"love"}],"start_time":"206.07","end_time":"206.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"206.369","end_time":"206.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"206.71","end_time":"206.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigners"}],"start_time":"206.779","end_time":"207.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"207.25","end_time":"207.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"207.35","end_time":"207.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"207.55","end_time":"208.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"208.369","end_time":"208.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"208.449","end_time":"208.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"208.47","end_time":"208.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"208.71","end_time":"208.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"208.789","end_time":"209.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.85","content":"and"}],"start_time":"209.419","end_time":"209.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"for"}],"start_time":"209.8","end_time":"210.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"us"}],"start_time":"210.02","end_time":"210.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"210.089","end_time":"210.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"210.19","end_time":"210.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"too"}],"start_time":"210.399","end_time":"210.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"For"}],"start_time":"210.539","end_time":"210.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"210.63","end_time":"210.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"210.759","end_time":"210.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"210.85","end_time":"210.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"first"}],"start_time":"210.929","end_time":"211.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"time"}],"start_time":"211.179","end_time":"211.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"211.279","end_time":"211.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"211.32","end_time":"211.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"211.71","end_time":"212.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"212.46","end_time":"212.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"212.759","end_time":"212.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"212.889","end_time":"213.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"213.029","end_time":"213.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"213.13","end_time":"213.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nine"}],"start_time":"213.19","end_time":"213.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"months"}],"start_time":"213.399","end_time":"213.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"213.71","end_time":"213.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"213.839","end_time":"214.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"living"}],"start_time":"214.02","end_time":"214.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"214.32","end_time":"214.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"214.36","end_time":"214.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"214.669","end_time":"214.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"214.99","end_time":"215.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"never"}],"start_time":"215.19","end_time":"215.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"done"}],"start_time":"215.509","end_time":"215.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"215.85","end_time":"215.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"215.869","end_time":"216.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"216.25","end_time":"216.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"216.36","end_time":"216.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"focusing"}],"start_time":"216.619","end_time":"217.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"217.11","end_time":"217.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"217.179","end_time":"217.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"217.309","end_time":"217.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"218.289","end_time":"218.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"218.52","end_time":"218.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"begin"}],"start_time":"218.77","end_time":"219.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"219.08","end_time":"219.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"219.179","end_time":"219.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"219.669","end_time":"219.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"219.779","end_time":"219.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"219.8","end_time":"220.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"simple"}],"start_time":"220.029","end_time":"220.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"question"}],"start_time":"220.339","end_time":"220.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"game"}],"start_time":"221.38","end_time":"221.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.805","content":"show"}],"start_time":"221.83","end_time":"222.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.662","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"222.63","end_time":"223.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Mama"}],"start_time":"223.3","end_time":"223.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.437","content":"Gujarati"}],"start_time":"225.199","end_time":"225.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.715","content":"Bolo"}],"start_time":"225.649","end_time":"225.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.496","content":"Cho"}],"start_time":"226.179","end_time":"226.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"I"}],"start_time":"229.949","end_time":"230.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"230.059","end_time":"230.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"230.46","end_time":"230.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"230.6","end_time":"230.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"fascinating"}],"start_time":"230.669","end_time":"231.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"231.389","end_time":"231.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"231.509","end_time":"231.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"231.619","end_time":"231.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"Gujarati"}],"start_time":"231.86","end_time":"231.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dude"}],"start_time":"232.229","end_time":"232.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"233.19","end_time":"233.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"233.82","end_time":"233.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"little"}],"start_time":"233.839","end_time":"234.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"234.05","end_time":"234.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"234.389","end_time":"234.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"long"}],"start_time":"234.71","end_time":"234.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"234.919","end_time":"234.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"234.979","end_time":"235.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"235.08","end_time":"235.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"235.32","end_time":"235.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"235.44","end_time":"235.809"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Nine"}],"start_time":"235.83","end_time":"236.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"months"}],"start_time":"236.24","end_time":"236.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"237.089","end_time":"237.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"237.44","end_time":"237.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"237.539","end_time":"237.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"237.83","end_time":"237.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"Ahmedabad"}],"start_time":"237.869","end_time":"238.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.314","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"238.119","end_time":"238.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"239.22","end_time":"239.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"241.399","end_time":"241.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"are"}],"start_time":"241.71","end_time":"241.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"241.759","end_time":"241.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"liking"}],"start_time":"241.809","end_time":"242.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"life"}],"start_time":"242.19","end_time":"242.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"242.55","end_time":"242.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"242.63","end_time":"243.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.693","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"243.07","end_time":"243.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"243.089","end_time":"243.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"amazing"}],"start_time":"243.449","end_time":"244.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"244.35","end_time":"244.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"244.669","end_time":"244.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"244.8","end_time":"245.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"love"}],"start_time":"245.27","end_time":"245.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"245.5","end_time":"245.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"245.71","end_time":"246.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.524","content":"a"}],"start_time":"246.22","end_time":"246.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"246.24","end_time":"246.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"an"}],"start_time":"246.58","end_time":"246.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"246.639","end_time":"247.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"247.21","end_time":"247.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"247.38","end_time":"247.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"247.72","end_time":"247.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"247.839","end_time":"248.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"248.35","end_time":"248.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"248.74","end_time":"248.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"248.86","end_time":"249.38"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"249.389","end_time":"249.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"they"}],"start_time":"249.669","end_time":"249.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"249.809","end_time":"250.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"250.16","end_time":"250.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"250.41","end_time":"250.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"250.71","end_time":"251.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"251.089","end_time":"251.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"251.479","end_time":"251.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"251.5","end_time":"251.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"251.889","end_time":"252.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"252.11","end_time":"252.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dude"}],"start_time":"252.35","end_time":"252.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"What"}],"start_time":"252.61","end_time":"252.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"252.789","end_time":"252.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"252.82","end_time":"253.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"253.07","end_time":"253.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"253.46","end_time":"253.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"you"}],"start_time":"253.74","end_time":"253.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"is"}],"start_time":"254.0","end_time":"254.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"254.149","end_time":"254.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.755","content":"have"}],"start_time":"254.289","end_time":"254.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"254.36","end_time":"254.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"254.589","end_time":"254.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"20"}],"start_time":"254.61","end_time":"255.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"year"}],"start_time":"255.229","end_time":"255.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneurial"}],"start_time":"255.74","end_time":"256.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"career"}],"start_time":"256.429","end_time":"256.98"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"257.549","end_time":"257.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"257.85","end_time":"258.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"traveled"}],"start_time":"258.149","end_time":"258.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"258.67","end_time":"258.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"over"}],"start_time":"258.85","end_time":"259.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"259.019","end_time":"259.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"259.119","end_time":"259.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"259.808","end_time":"260.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"now"}],"start_time":"260.049","end_time":"260.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"260.209","end_time":"260.338"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"targeting"}],"start_time":"260.348","end_time":"260.808"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"260.819","end_time":"261.158"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"261.169","end_time":"261.278"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"261.289","end_time":"261.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"place"}],"start_time":"261.308","end_time":"261.658"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"261.669","end_time":"261.748"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"expansion"}],"start_time":"261.759","end_time":"262.588"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.852","content":"and"}],"start_time":"262.769","end_time":"262.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"262.808","end_time":"263.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"263.398","end_time":"263.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"founder"}],"start_time":"263.489","end_time":"263.928"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"263.938","end_time":"264.028"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"264.039","end_time":"264.128"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"start"}],"start_time":"264.139","end_time":"264.438"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.243","content":"up"}],"start_time":"264.449","end_time":"264.539"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"264.549","end_time":"264.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"265.188","end_time":"265.348"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"founder"}],"start_time":"265.359","end_time":"265.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"himself"}],"start_time":"265.799","end_time":"266.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"266.368","end_time":"266.468"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"now"}],"start_time":"266.479","end_time":"266.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sitting"}],"start_time":"266.718","end_time":"266.998"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"267.009","end_time":"267.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"267.079","end_time":"267.588"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"267.778","end_time":"267.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"try"}],"start_time":"267.808","end_time":"268.248"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"268.259","end_time":"268.308"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"268.319","end_time":"268.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"268.769","end_time":"268.908"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"268.919","end_time":"269.098"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"269.109","end_time":"269.588"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"269.838","end_time":"269.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"269.998","end_time":"270.348"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"the"}],"start_time":"270.359","end_time":"270.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"270.398","end_time":"270.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"270.838","end_time":"271.158"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"271.169","end_time":"271.178"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"come"}],"start_time":"271.188","end_time":"271.368"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"271.378","end_time":"271.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"271.528","end_time":"272.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Even"}],"start_time":"272.088","end_time":"272.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"272.519","end_time":"272.618"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"272.628","end_time":"272.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"272.998","end_time":"273.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"273.368","end_time":"273.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"273.748","end_time":"274.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"274.028","end_time":"274.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"why"}],"start_time":"274.428","end_time":"274.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"it"}],"start_time":"274.618","end_time":"274.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"274.648","end_time":"274.938"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"274.949","end_time":"275.058"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"275.069","end_time":"275.378"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"I"}],"start_time":"275.389","end_time":"275.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.782","content":"had"}],"start_time":"275.459","end_time":"275.528"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"275.539","end_time":"275.658"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"explain"}],"start_time":"275.669","end_time":"276.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"them"}],"start_time":"276.049","end_time":"276.498"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"calling"}],"start_time":"276.6","end_time":"276.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"276.91","end_time":"276.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"276.989","end_time":"277.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"Slumdog"}],"start_time":"277.109","end_time":"277.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"billionaire"}],"start_time":"277.519","end_time":"278.23"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"because"}],"start_time":"279.269","end_time":"279.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"279.679","end_time":"279.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"imagine"}],"start_time":"279.76","end_time":"280.23"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"India"}],"start_time":"280.239","end_time":"280.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"280.529","end_time":"281.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.713","content":"yeah"}],"start_time":"281.209","end_time":"281.48"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"281.489","end_time":"282.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"282.079","end_time":"282.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"282.279","end_time":"282.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"282.5","end_time":"282.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Of"}],"start_time":"282.549","end_time":"282.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"course"}],"start_time":"282.67","end_time":"283.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"283.67","end_time":"284.69"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"284.72","end_time":"285.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"285.029","end_time":"285.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"really"}],"start_time":"285.17","end_time":"285.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"glad"}],"start_time":"285.42","end_time":"285.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"285.859","end_time":"285.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"285.88","end_time":"286.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"286.07","end_time":"286.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"286.149","end_time":"286.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"286.869","end_time":"286.94"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"286.95","end_time":"287.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"287.429","end_time":"287.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"has"}],"start_time":"287.929","end_time":"288.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"been"}],"start_time":"288.079","end_time":"288.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"amazing"}],"start_time":"288.19","end_time":"288.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"288.75","end_time":"289.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.57","content":"has"}],"start_time":"289.35","end_time":"289.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"289.429","end_time":"289.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"289.66","end_time":"289.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"289.89","end_time":"290.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"290.109","end_time":"290.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"290.279","end_time":"290.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"290.63","end_time":"290.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"family"}],"start_time":"290.73","end_time":"291.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"So"}],"start_time":"291.5","end_time":"291.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.74","content":"it"}],"start_time":"291.69","end_time":"291.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"291.79","end_time":"292.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"292.25","end_time":"292.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"292.779","end_time":"293.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"293.64","end_time":"293.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"else"}],"start_time":"293.91","end_time":"294.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Tell"}],"start_time":"294.1","end_time":"294.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"294.25","end_time":"294.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"294.339","end_time":"294.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"294.519","end_time":"294.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"294.67","end_time":"295.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"How's"}],"start_time":"295.07","end_time":"295.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"your"}],"start_time":"295.39","end_time":"295.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"day"}],"start_time":"295.48","end_time":"295.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"295.67","end_time":"295.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"295.769","end_time":"295.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"life"}],"start_time":"295.92","end_time":"296.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"296.269","end_time":"296.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"296.309","end_time":"296.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"297.07","end_time":"297.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"297.269","end_time":"297.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"great"}],"start_time":"297.609","end_time":"298.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"depending"}],"start_time":"298.149","end_time":"298.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"There"}],"start_time":"298.839","end_time":"298.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"298.929","end_time":"299.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"some"}],"start_time":"299.04","end_time":"299.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"299.2","end_time":"299.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"299.399","end_time":"299.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"299.5","end_time":"299.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"299.67","end_time":"300.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"The"}],"start_time":"300.619","end_time":"300.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"worst"}],"start_time":"300.839","end_time":"301.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"301.41","end_time":"301.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"301.609","end_time":"301.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"weather"}],"start_time":"301.73","end_time":"302.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"302.369","end_time":"302.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"302.459","end_time":"302.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"302.649","end_time":"302.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"summer"}],"start_time":"302.769","end_time":"303.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"303.23","end_time":"303.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"303.329","end_time":"303.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"303.54","end_time":"303.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"303.959","end_time":"304.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"304.059","end_time":"304.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.722","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"305.049","end_time":"305.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"way"}],"start_time":"305.29","end_time":"305.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.773","content":"too"}],"start_time":"305.519","end_time":"305.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"hot"}],"start_time":"305.649","end_time":"305.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"305.809","end_time":"305.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"305.98","end_time":"306.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"306.51","end_time":"306.519"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"306.529","end_time":"306.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"306.73","end_time":"306.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"306.809","end_time":"306.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"306.92","end_time":"307.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"today"}],"start_time":"307.209","end_time":"307.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"307.51","end_time":"307.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"307.609","end_time":"307.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"minus"}],"start_time":"307.85","end_time":"308.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"10"}],"start_time":"308.209","end_time":"308.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"°C"}],"start_time":"309.059","end_time":"309.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"310.299","end_time":"311.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"311.049","end_time":"311.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"311.41","end_time":"311.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"311.519","end_time":"311.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"311.7","end_time":"311.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"summer"}],"start_time":"311.809","end_time":"312.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"312.299","end_time":"312.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"4550"}],"start_time":"312.51","end_time":"313.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"plus"}],"start_time":"313.89","end_time":"314.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"314.839","end_time":"314.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"314.88","end_time":"315.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"315.42","end_time":"315.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"315.649","end_time":"315.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"315.97","end_time":"316.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hot"}],"start_time":"316.32","end_time":"316.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"316.609","end_time":"316.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"317.0","end_time":"317.67"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"318.119","end_time":"319.19"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"319.559","end_time":"320.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"um"}],"start_time":"320.519","end_time":"320.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"320.549","end_time":"320.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"321.0","end_time":"321.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"321.019","end_time":"321.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"321.399","end_time":"321.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"321.73","end_time":"322.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"is"}],"start_time":"322.649","end_time":"323.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"323.149","end_time":"323.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"323.17","end_time":"323.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"323.42","end_time":"323.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"323.48","end_time":"323.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"live"}],"start_time":"323.64","end_time":"323.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"323.859","end_time":"324.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.591","content":"nature"}],"start_time":"324.04","end_time":"324.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nature"}],"start_time":"324.38","end_time":"325.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"325.239","end_time":"325.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"325.92","end_time":"325.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"animals"}],"start_time":"325.959","end_time":"327.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"327.049","end_time":"327.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.891","content":"in"}],"start_time":"327.07","end_time":"327.269"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"327.279","end_time":"327.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"327.359","end_time":"327.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"327.73","end_time":"327.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"327.79","end_time":"328.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"328.029","end_time":"328.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"animals"}],"start_time":"328.17","end_time":"328.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"328.54","end_time":"328.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"328.589","end_time":"328.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"street"}],"start_time":"328.67","end_time":"328.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anymore"}],"start_time":"328.89","end_time":"329.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"329.359","end_time":"329.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"329.97","end_time":"330.519"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"um"}],"start_time":"330.529","end_time":"331.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"331.929","end_time":"332.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"course"}],"start_time":"332.399","end_time":"332.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"332.619","end_time":"332.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"332.69","end_time":"332.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"332.88","end_time":"333.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cows"}],"start_time":"333.049","end_time":"333.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"and"}],"start_time":"333.519","end_time":"333.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"334.04","end_time":"334.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dogs"}],"start_time":"334.35","end_time":"334.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"334.66","end_time":"334.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"334.82","end_time":"335.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"birds"}],"start_time":"335.1","end_time":"335.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"335.6","end_time":"335.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"are"}],"start_time":"335.809","end_time":"335.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"335.989","end_time":"336.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"less"}],"start_time":"336.269","end_time":"336.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"birds"}],"start_time":"336.51","end_time":"336.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"compared"}],"start_time":"336.859","end_time":"337.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"337.19","end_time":"337.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"337.29","end_time":"337.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"So"}],"start_time":"337.809","end_time":"338.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"338.01","end_time":"338.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"nice"}],"start_time":"338.26","end_time":"338.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feeling"}],"start_time":"338.64","end_time":"338.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"to"}],"start_time":"339.0","end_time":"339.269"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"339.279","end_time":"339.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"live"}],"start_time":"339.429","end_time":"339.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"339.66","end_time":"339.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"nature"}],"start_time":"339.959","end_time":"340.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"and"}],"start_time":"340.48","end_time":"340.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.866","content":"and"}],"start_time":"340.67","end_time":"340.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"and"}],"start_time":"340.799","end_time":"340.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"animals"}],"start_time":"341.0","end_time":"341.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.511","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"341.709","end_time":"341.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"all"}],"start_time":"341.89","end_time":"341.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"you"}],"start_time":"341.989","end_time":"342.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.414","content":"know"}],"start_time":"342.109","end_time":"342.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"the"}],"start_time":"342.529","end_time":"342.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"first"}],"start_time":"343.399","end_time":"343.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"343.619","end_time":"343.73"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"343.739","end_time":"343.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"notice"}],"start_time":"343.829","end_time":"344.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"344.14","end_time":"344.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"344.179","end_time":"344.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"street"}],"start_time":"344.279","end_time":"344.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"344.589","end_time":"344.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"you"}],"start_time":"344.679","end_time":"344.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"walk"}],"start_time":"344.76","end_time":"344.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"in"}],"start_time":"344.98","end_time":"345.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"345.019","end_time":"345.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"street"}],"start_time":"345.119","end_time":"345.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"second"}],"start_time":"345.7","end_time":"346.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"346.059","end_time":"346.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"346.19","end_time":"346.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"346.299","end_time":"346.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"are"}],"start_time":"346.39","end_time":"346.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"346.559","end_time":"346.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"too"}],"start_time":"346.769","end_time":"346.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"many"}],"start_time":"346.88","end_time":"347.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"people"}],"start_time":"347.049","end_time":"347.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"but"}],"start_time":"349.91","end_time":"350.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"350.059","end_time":"350.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"350.079","end_time":"350.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"350.269","end_time":"350.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"350.35","end_time":"350.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"350.45","end_time":"350.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opposite"}],"start_time":"350.519","end_time":"351.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"351.1","end_time":"351.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"351.39","end_time":"351.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"351.44","end_time":"351.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"351.63","end_time":"351.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"351.809","end_time":"352.23"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"352.239","end_time":"352.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"352.329","end_time":"352.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"352.76","end_time":"353.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"alone"}],"start_time":"353.429","end_time":"354.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"354.309","end_time":"354.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"354.859","end_time":"354.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"danger"}],"start_time":"354.959","end_time":"355.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"355.429","end_time":"355.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"355.7","end_time":"355.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"355.85","end_time":"355.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"355.959","end_time":"356.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"356.22","end_time":"356.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"356.35","end_time":"356.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"356.6","end_time":"356.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"around"}],"start_time":"356.929","end_time":"357.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"357.14","end_time":"357.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"depends"}],"start_time":"358.0","end_time":"358.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"358.39","end_time":"358.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"358.5","end_time":"358.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"358.91","end_time":"358.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"358.989","end_time":"359.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"359.23","end_time":"359.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"359.309","end_time":"359.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"359.799","end_time":"360.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"360.309","end_time":"360.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"360.429","end_time":"360.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"360.709","end_time":"361.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"in"}],"start_time":"361.899","end_time":"362.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"a"}],"start_time":"362.04","end_time":"362.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"362.059","end_time":"362.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"positive"}],"start_time":"362.329","end_time":"362.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.651","content":"way"}],"start_time":"362.82","end_time":"362.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"isolated"}],"start_time":"362.91","end_time":"363.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"363.88","end_time":"364.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"364.149","end_time":"364.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.694","content":"calms"}],"start_time":"364.35","end_time":"364.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"down"}],"start_time":"364.67","end_time":"364.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"364.859","end_time":"364.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"head"}],"start_time":"365.0","end_time":"365.269"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"365.279","end_time":"365.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.756","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"365.47","end_time":"365.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"365.559","end_time":"365.769"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"365.779","end_time":"366.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"of"}],"start_time":"366.049","end_time":"366.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"366.079","end_time":"366.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"favorite"}],"start_time":"366.17","end_time":"366.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"places"}],"start_time":"366.48","end_time":"366.769"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"366.779","end_time":"366.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"travel"}],"start_time":"366.91","end_time":"367.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"367.279","end_time":"367.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"367.709","end_time":"368.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"368.13","end_time":"368.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"368.149","end_time":"368.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"368.39","end_time":"368.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"368.549","end_time":"368.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"come"}],"start_time":"368.57","end_time":"368.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"368.82","end_time":"369.019"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"369.029","end_time":"369.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"going"}],"start_time":"369.14","end_time":"369.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"369.32","end_time":"369.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"369.399","end_time":"369.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"369.489","end_time":"369.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"relaxed"}],"start_time":"369.769","end_time":"370.48"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"So"}],"start_time":"371.14","end_time":"371.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"371.35","end_time":"371.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.853","content":"a"}],"start_time":"371.399","end_time":"371.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"371.42","end_time":"371.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"relaxing"}],"start_time":"371.67","end_time":"372.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"place"}],"start_time":"372.279","end_time":"372.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"372.66","end_time":"372.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"what"}],"start_time":"372.829","end_time":"372.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"I"}],"start_time":"372.95","end_time":"372.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"say"}],"start_time":"373.04","end_time":"373.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.567","content":"about"}],"start_time":"373.239","end_time":"373.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"373.32","end_time":"373.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"374.309","end_time":"374.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"374.54","end_time":"374.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"374.609","end_time":"374.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"374.959","end_time":"375.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"375.019","end_time":"375.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"375.429","end_time":"375.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.589","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"375.589","end_time":"375.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"375.66","end_time":"376.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"376.209","end_time":"376.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"376.67","end_time":"377.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"staying"}],"start_time":"377.1","end_time":"377.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"377.609","end_time":"377.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"377.66","end_time":"377.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"377.959","end_time":"378.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"378.149","end_time":"378.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"long"}],"start_time":"378.17","end_time":"378.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"378.459","end_time":"378.869"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What's"}],"start_time":"378.989","end_time":"379.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"379.38","end_time":"379.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"379.45","end_time":"379.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mind"}],"start_time":"379.6","end_time":"379.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What's"}],"start_time":"379.79","end_time":"379.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"379.95","end_time":"380.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"380.019","end_time":"380.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"heart"}],"start_time":"380.13","end_time":"380.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"380.38","end_time":"380.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"380.63","end_time":"380.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"staying"}],"start_time":"380.79","end_time":"381.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"381.109","end_time":"381.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"382.04","end_time":"382.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"382.48","end_time":"382.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"came"}],"start_time":"382.5","end_time":"382.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"382.709","end_time":"382.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"382.829","end_time":"382.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"382.899","end_time":"383.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"383.679","end_time":"384.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"384.2","end_time":"384.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"384.609","end_time":"384.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"384.839","end_time":"384.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"384.929","end_time":"384.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"point"}],"start_time":"384.95","end_time":"385.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"385.359","end_time":"385.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"for"}],"start_time":"385.859","end_time":"386.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.721","content":"do"}],"start_time":"386.089","end_time":"386.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"386.869","end_time":"387.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"388.1","end_time":"388.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"388.48","end_time":"388.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"388.609","end_time":"388.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"388.829","end_time":"388.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"388.869","end_time":"389.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"389.63","end_time":"390.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"390.07","end_time":"390.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mature"}],"start_time":"390.32","end_time":"390.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"enough"}],"start_time":"390.75","end_time":"391.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"391.23","end_time":"391.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"had"}],"start_time":"391.489","end_time":"391.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"391.679","end_time":"391.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"391.7","end_time":"391.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"391.899","end_time":"391.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"activities"}],"start_time":"391.959","end_time":"392.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"a"}],"start_time":"392.5","end_time":"392.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"392.519","end_time":"392.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"392.709","end_time":"392.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"392.829","end_time":"393.559"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"393.859","end_time":"394.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"had"}],"start_time":"394.089","end_time":"394.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"394.299","end_time":"394.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"394.609","end_time":"395.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"40,000"}],"start_time":"395.109","end_time":"396.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"396.63","end_time":"397.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"on"}],"start_time":"397.63","end_time":"397.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"our"}],"start_time":"397.959","end_time":"397.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"397.989","end_time":"398.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.567","content":"on"}],"start_time":"398.42","end_time":"398.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.713","content":"do"}],"start_time":"398.64","end_time":"398.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"398.79","end_time":"398.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"398.829","end_time":"399.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"399.7","end_time":"399.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"399.89","end_time":"400.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"400.01","end_time":"400.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"400.17","end_time":"400.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"400.359","end_time":"400.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"400.63","end_time":"400.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"400.75","end_time":"400.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"400.869","end_time":"401.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"401.149","end_time":"401.48"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"401.489","end_time":"401.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"401.57","end_time":"401.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.523","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"401.709","end_time":"402.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"in"}],"start_time":"402.429","end_time":"402.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"402.47","end_time":"402.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"US"}],"start_time":"402.619","end_time":"402.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"and"}],"start_time":"402.959","end_time":"403.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"in"}],"start_time":"403.109","end_time":"403.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"403.149","end_time":"403.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"404.01","end_time":"404.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.612","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"404.41","end_time":"404.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"404.82","end_time":"405.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"405.029","end_time":"405.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"405.279","end_time":"405.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"405.44","end_time":"405.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"405.64","end_time":"405.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"a"}],"start_time":"405.799","end_time":"405.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"405.82","end_time":"406.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opportunity"}],"start_time":"406.149","end_time":"406.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"406.649","end_time":"406.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"406.799","end_time":"406.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"406.89","end_time":"407.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.639","content":"tap"}],"start_time":"407.309","end_time":"407.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"in"}],"start_time":"407.609","end_time":"407.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"You"}],"start_time":"408.22","end_time":"408.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"408.42","end_time":"408.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"all"}],"start_time":"408.589","end_time":"409.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"your"}],"start_time":"409.209","end_time":"409.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"not"}],"start_time":"410.54","end_time":"410.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"only"}],"start_time":"410.769","end_time":"410.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"because"}],"start_time":"411.239","end_time":"411.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"we"}],"start_time":"411.709","end_time":"412.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"only"}],"start_time":"412.029","end_time":"412.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"have"}],"start_time":"412.269","end_time":"412.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"4000"}],"start_time":"412.54","end_time":"413.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"413.049","end_time":"413.309"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"but"}],"start_time":"413.32","end_time":"413.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"we"}],"start_time":"413.489","end_time":"413.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"413.619","end_time":"413.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"413.85","end_time":"413.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"414.0","end_time":"414.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.595","content":"our"}],"start_time":"414.769","end_time":"414.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"415.109","end_time":"415.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"offering"}],"start_time":"415.63","end_time":"415.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"services"}],"start_time":"415.94","end_time":"416.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"on"}],"start_time":"416.42","end_time":"416.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"our"}],"start_time":"416.529","end_time":"416.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"product"}],"start_time":"416.559","end_time":"417.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"417.519","end_time":"417.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"417.809","end_time":"417.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"had"}],"start_time":"417.94","end_time":"418.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"418.049","end_time":"418.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"418.07","end_time":"418.23"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"418.239","end_time":"418.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"418.309","end_time":"418.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"418.73","end_time":"418.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"418.799","end_time":"419.269"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"419.529","end_time":"419.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"419.72","end_time":"419.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"419.839","end_time":"419.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"419.98","end_time":"420.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"addressing"}],"start_time":"420.16","end_time":"420.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"420.549","end_time":"420.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"420.64","end_time":"420.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"market"}],"start_time":"420.89","end_time":"421.309"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"They"}],"start_time":"421.48","end_time":"421.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"were"}],"start_time":"421.6","end_time":"421.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"just"}],"start_time":"421.73","end_time":"421.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"422.019","end_time":"422.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"out"}],"start_time":"422.279","end_time":"422.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"services"}],"start_time":"424.149","end_time":"425.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"in"}],"start_time":"425.23","end_time":"425.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"the"}],"start_time":"425.309","end_time":"425.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"US"}],"start_time":"425.47","end_time":"425.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"and"}],"start_time":"425.769","end_time":"425.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"in"}],"start_time":"425.95","end_time":"425.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"426.0","end_time":"426.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"and"}],"start_time":"427.47","end_time":"427.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"I"}],"start_time":"427.609","end_time":"427.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"wanted"}],"start_time":"427.63","end_time":"427.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"to"}],"start_time":"427.929","end_time":"428.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.543","content":"refocus"}],"start_time":"428.209","end_time":"428.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"428.619","end_time":"428.73"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"428.739","end_time":"428.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"domestic"}],"start_time":"428.829","end_time":"429.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"market"}],"start_time":"429.209","end_time":"429.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"because"}],"start_time":"429.67","end_time":"430.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"India's"}],"start_time":"430.07","end_time":"430.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"430.929","end_time":"431.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.535","content":"SME"}],"start_time":"431.22","end_time":"431.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.608","content":"S"}],"start_time":"431.619","end_time":"431.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"is"}],"start_time":"431.679","end_time":"431.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"big"}],"start_time":"431.859","end_time":"432.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"432.839","end_time":"432.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"GDP"}],"start_time":"432.95","end_time":"433.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"433.54","end_time":"433.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"433.57","end_time":"433.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"433.959","end_time":"434.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"8%"}],"start_time":"434.269","end_time":"434.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"434.809","end_time":"434.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"year"}],"start_time":"434.959","end_time":"435.519"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"435.66","end_time":"435.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"436.0","end_time":"436.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"a"}],"start_time":"436.13","end_time":"436.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"436.149","end_time":"436.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"436.5","end_time":"436.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"1/5"}],"start_time":"436.859","end_time":"437.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"437.279","end_time":"437.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"437.38","end_time":"437.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"437.47","end_time":"437.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"population"}],"start_time":"437.709","end_time":"438.42"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"438.63","end_time":"438.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"438.799","end_time":"438.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"438.929","end_time":"439.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"close"}],"start_time":"439.589","end_time":"440.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"440.19","end_time":"440.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"eye"}],"start_time":"440.359","end_time":"440.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"440.57","end_time":"440.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"such"}],"start_time":"440.95","end_time":"441.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"441.23","end_time":"441.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"big"}],"start_time":"441.25","end_time":"441.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"and"}],"start_time":"441.57","end_time":"441.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"future"}],"start_time":"441.679","end_time":"441.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"economy"}],"start_time":"441.95","end_time":"442.519"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"442.869","end_time":"443.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"443.26","end_time":"443.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"came"}],"start_time":"443.279","end_time":"443.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"443.589","end_time":"443.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"443.82","end_time":"443.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"order"}],"start_time":"443.859","end_time":"444.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"444.07","end_time":"444.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"444.19","end_time":"444.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"444.51","end_time":"444.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"local"}],"start_time":"444.57","end_time":"444.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"444.869","end_time":"445.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"445.51","end_time":"445.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"445.7","end_time":"445.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"445.79","end_time":"445.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"order"}],"start_time":"445.92","end_time":"446.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"446.19","end_time":"446.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"446.269","end_time":"447.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"447.23","end_time":"447.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"447.63","end_time":"448.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"why"}],"start_time":"448.149","end_time":"448.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"448.429","end_time":"448.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"448.649","end_time":"448.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"introduce"}],"start_time":"448.82","end_time":"449.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"449.589","end_time":"449.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"own"}],"start_time":"449.92","end_time":"450.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"life's"}],"start_time":"450.179","end_time":"450.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"450.519","end_time":"450.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"450.82","end_time":"450.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"little"}],"start_time":"450.839","end_time":"451.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"451.14","end_time":"451.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"451.619","end_time":"451.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"451.989","end_time":"452.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"452.01","end_time":"452.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"452.299","end_time":"452.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"452.369","end_time":"452.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"452.559","end_time":"452.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"452.959","end_time":"453.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"453.179","end_time":"453.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"453.54","end_time":"453.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"453.619","end_time":"454.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"454.149","end_time":"454.67"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Probably"}],"start_time":"455.19","end_time":"455.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"455.7","end_time":"455.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"right"}],"start_time":"455.839","end_time":"456.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"456.029","end_time":"456.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"456.2","end_time":"456.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"start"}],"start_time":"456.339","end_time":"456.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"456.76","end_time":"457.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"457.51","end_time":"458.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"458.04","end_time":"458.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"business"}],"start_time":"458.619","end_time":"458.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"oriented"}],"start_time":"458.945","end_time":"459.464"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"audiences"}],"start_time":"459.475","end_time":"459.915"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"459.924","end_time":"460.135"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"460.144","end_time":"460.204"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"460.214","end_time":"460.225"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"460.234","end_time":"460.464"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"chunk"}],"start_time":"460.475","end_time":"460.875"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"460.885","end_time":"461.244"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"youtube"}],"start_time":"461.255","end_time":"461.734"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"audiences"}],"start_time":"461.744","end_time":"462.165"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"now"}],"start_time":"462.174","end_time":"462.584"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"462.765","end_time":"462.975"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"462.984","end_time":"463.565"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"interested"}],"start_time":"463.575","end_time":"464.274"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"464.285","end_time":"464.445"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"start_time":"464.454","end_time":"465.045"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"465.334","end_time":"465.755"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"465.765","end_time":"465.964"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"465.975","end_time":"466.045"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"466.054","end_time":"466.464"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"looks"}],"start_time":"466.475","end_time":"466.774"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"466.785","end_time":"466.855"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"466.864","end_time":"467.165"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"467.174","end_time":"467.204"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"467.214","end_time":"467.475"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"467.484","end_time":"467.934"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"467.945","end_time":"468.165"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"468.174","end_time":"468.364"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"468.375","end_time":"468.565"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"468.575","end_time":"468.875"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"468.885","end_time":"468.915"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"468.924","end_time":"469.475"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"469.545","end_time":"469.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"why"}],"start_time":"469.795","end_time":"470.105"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"470.114","end_time":"470.184"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"470.195","end_time":"470.304"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"470.315","end_time":"470.494"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"470.505","end_time":"470.674"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"470.684","end_time":"470.924"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"470.934","end_time":"471.204"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"471.214","end_time":"471.894"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"honestly"}],"start_time":"471.904","end_time":"472.404"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"472.415","end_time":"473.125"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"473.135","end_time":"473.424"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"473.434","end_time":"473.475"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"473.484","end_time":"473.714"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"473.725","end_time":"473.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"473.774","end_time":"473.845"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"473.855","end_time":"474.234"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"474.244","end_time":"474.255"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mass"}],"start_time":"474.265","end_time":"474.565"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"scale"}],"start_time":"474.575","end_time":"474.964"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"475.19","end_time":"475.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"475.489","end_time":"475.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"475.88","end_time":"476.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customers"}],"start_time":"476.5","end_time":"477.519"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.496","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"477.529","end_time":"477.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"477.649","end_time":"478.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"customers"}],"start_time":"478.059","end_time":"478.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"478.529","end_time":"478.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"win"}],"start_time":"478.63","end_time":"478.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"over"}],"start_time":"478.82","end_time":"479.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"479.519","end_time":"480.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"480.109","end_time":"480.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"480.25","end_time":"480.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"480.57","end_time":"480.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"480.649","end_time":"480.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"480.829","end_time":"480.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"480.97","end_time":"481.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"those"}],"start_time":"481.179","end_time":"481.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"tangents"}],"start_time":"481.5","end_time":"481.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"about"}],"start_time":"481.929","end_time":"482.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"482.079","end_time":"482.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"your"}],"start_time":"482.25","end_time":"482.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"challenges"}],"start_time":"482.339","end_time":"482.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"482.85","end_time":"482.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"faced"}],"start_time":"482.959","end_time":"483.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"here"}],"start_time":"483.329","end_time":"483.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"et"}],"start_time":"483.559","end_time":"483.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.515","content":"cetera"}],"start_time":"483.7","end_time":"483.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"et"}],"start_time":"483.97","end_time":"484.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.46","content":"cetera"}],"start_time":"484.059","end_time":"484.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"484.54","end_time":"484.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"let's"}],"start_time":"484.79","end_time":"484.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"begin"}],"start_time":"484.98","end_time":"485.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"485.339","end_time":"485.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"485.869","end_time":"485.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"485.91","end_time":"486.23"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"486.239","end_time":"486.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"486.339","end_time":"486.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"486.51","end_time":"486.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"story"}],"start_time":"486.649","end_time":"487.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"487.26","end_time":"487.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"487.5","end_time":"487.73"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"began"}],"start_time":"487.739","end_time":"488.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"488.059","end_time":"488.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"488.209","end_time":"488.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"coder"}],"start_time":"488.23","end_time":"488.73"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"488.94","end_time":"489.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"489.13","end_time":"489.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"489.149","end_time":"489.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"489.369","end_time":"489.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developer"}],"start_time":"489.39","end_time":"490.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"490.269","end_time":"490.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"engineer"}],"start_time":"490.299","end_time":"491.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"491.42","end_time":"491.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"started"}],"start_time":"491.559","end_time":"492.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"492.109","end_time":"492.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"492.489","end_time":"492.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.83325","content":"IIII"}],"start_time":"492.7","end_time":"493.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"493.14","end_time":"493.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"love"}],"start_time":"493.2","end_time":"493.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"493.799","end_time":"494.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"494.489","end_time":"494.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"494.75","end_time":"494.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"494.769","end_time":"494.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reading"}],"start_time":"494.97","end_time":"495.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"the"}],"start_time":"495.42","end_time":"495.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.74725","content":"223"}],"start_time":"495.579","end_time":"496.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"books"}],"start_time":"496.54","end_time":"497.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"497.1","end_time":"497.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"497.14","end_time":"497.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"management"}],"start_time":"497.82","end_time":"498.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.741","content":"psychology"}],"start_time":"498.54","end_time":"499.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"499.589","end_time":"499.73"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"499.739","end_time":"500.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"500.079","end_time":"500.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"500.17","end_time":"500.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"every"}],"start_time":"500.489","end_time":"500.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"500.72","end_time":"501.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"501.559","end_time":"502.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"502.269","end_time":"502.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"502.309","end_time":"502.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"502.64","end_time":"502.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"502.66","end_time":"502.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"502.829","end_time":"502.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"502.94","end_time":"503.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"503.329","end_time":"503.48"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"503.489","end_time":"503.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"503.72","end_time":"503.98"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"503.989","end_time":"504.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"is"}],"start_time":"504.309","end_time":"504.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.442","content":"to"}],"start_time":"504.42","end_time":"504.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"do"}],"start_time":"504.45","end_time":"504.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"504.709","end_time":"505.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"505.119","end_time":"505.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"505.35","end_time":"505.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"505.5","end_time":"505.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"others"}],"start_time":"505.69","end_time":"506.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.704","content":"And"}],"start_time":"506.57","end_time":"506.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"506.66","end_time":"506.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"506.88","end_time":"506.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"started"}],"start_time":"506.899","end_time":"507.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"alone"}],"start_time":"507.309","end_time":"507.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"after"}],"start_time":"507.69","end_time":"508.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"508.109","end_time":"508.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"508.309","end_time":"508.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"508.6","end_time":"508.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"508.619","end_time":"508.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"508.85","end_time":"509.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"employee"}],"start_time":"509.019","end_time":"509.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"after"}],"start_time":"509.619","end_time":"509.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"509.85","end_time":"510.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"510.04","end_time":"510.38"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"34"}],"start_time":"510.39","end_time":"510.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.573","content":"or"}],"start_time":"511.0","end_time":"511.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"five"}],"start_time":"511.149","end_time":"511.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.869","content":"this"}],"start_time":"511.51","end_time":"511.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"is"}],"start_time":"511.739","end_time":"511.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"in"}],"start_time":"511.799","end_time":"511.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9816666666666666","content":"2004"}],"start_time":"511.94","end_time":"512.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"That"}],"start_time":"512.859","end_time":"512.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"was"}],"start_time":"512.96","end_time":"513.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"in"}],"start_time":"513.119","end_time":"513.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"2002"}],"start_time":"513.21","end_time":"514.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"514.289","end_time":"514.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"514.869","end_time":"515.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"515.14","end_time":"515.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"515.159","end_time":"515.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"still"}],"start_time":"515.34","end_time":"515.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"515.609","end_time":"515.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"student"}],"start_time":"515.63","end_time":"516.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"516.78","end_time":"517.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"then"}],"start_time":"517.08","end_time":"517.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"517.289","end_time":"517.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"grew"}],"start_time":"517.309","end_time":"517.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"517.83","end_time":"517.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"organically"}],"start_time":"517.849","end_time":"518.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.672","content":"bootstrapped"}],"start_time":"518.609","end_time":"519.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"519.049","end_time":"519.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"519.13","end_time":"519.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"519.75","end_time":"519.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"519.88","end_time":"520.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"started"}],"start_time":"520.409","end_time":"520.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"520.82","end_time":"520.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"520.96","end_time":"521.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"services"}],"start_time":"521.25","end_time":"521.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"521.729","end_time":"521.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"521.83","end_time":"521.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"521.969","end_time":"522.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"522.669","end_time":"522.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"522.849","end_time":"522.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"522.969","end_time":"523.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"is"}],"start_time":"523.359","end_time":"523.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"523.58","end_time":"523.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"523.63","end_time":"523.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"management"}],"start_time":"523.65","end_time":"524.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"524.15","end_time":"524.69"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"At"}],"start_time":"524.95","end_time":"524.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"524.989","end_time":"525.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beginning"}],"start_time":"525.2","end_time":"525.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"525.659","end_time":"525.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"525.7","end_time":"525.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"525.859","end_time":"526.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"services"}],"start_time":"526.13","end_time":"526.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"526.919","end_time":"527.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"527.21","end_time":"527.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"527.229","end_time":"527.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"Ken"}],"start_time":"527.469","end_time":"527.539"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"527.739","end_time":"527.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"527.94","end_time":"527.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"528.0","end_time":"528.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"528.049","end_time":"528.309"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"528.32","end_time":"528.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"528.52","end_time":"528.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"528.539","end_time":"528.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"developing"}],"start_time":"528.75","end_time":"529.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"529.14","end_time":"529.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"529.96","end_time":"530.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"530.2","end_time":"530.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"did"}],"start_time":"530.219","end_time":"530.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"530.469","end_time":"530.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"until"}],"start_time":"530.64","end_time":"530.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"2"}],"start_time":"531.0","end_time":"531.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"2010"}],"start_time":"531.13","end_time":"532.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"532.909","end_time":"533.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"533.179","end_time":"533.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"533.219","end_time":"533.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"533.52","end_time":"533.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"533.679","end_time":"533.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"533.75","end_time":"533.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"a"}],"start_time":"533.9","end_time":"533.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"533.919","end_time":"534.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"534.27","end_time":"534.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"534.4","end_time":"534.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"534.559","end_time":"534.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"534.58","end_time":"534.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"534.76","end_time":"534.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"features"}],"start_time":"534.859","end_time":"535.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"535.19","end_time":"535.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"535.479","end_time":"535.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developed"}],"start_time":"535.5","end_time":"535.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"535.88","end_time":"536.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"536.229","end_time":"536.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"536.369","end_time":"536.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.753","content":"would"}],"start_time":"536.69","end_time":"536.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"536.75","end_time":"537.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"537.099","end_time":"537.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"537.609","end_time":"537.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"537.9","end_time":"538.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"538.02","end_time":"538.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"full"}],"start_time":"538.799","end_time":"539.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"539.2","end_time":"539.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feature"}],"start_time":"539.299","end_time":"539.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"539.549","end_time":"539.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ugly"}],"start_time":"539.739","end_time":"540.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"complex"}],"start_time":"540.28","end_time":"541.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"541.44","end_time":"541.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"541.46","end_time":"541.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"541.719","end_time":"542.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"542.619","end_time":"542.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"542.71","end_time":"543.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"543.15","end_time":"543.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"543.19","end_time":"543.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"543.46","end_time":"543.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"543.65","end_time":"543.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"had"}],"start_time":"543.669","end_time":"544.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.913","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"544.19","end_time":"544.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984999999999999","content":"100"}],"start_time":"544.21","end_time":"544.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"544.739","end_time":"545.309"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"545.929","end_time":"546.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"546.289","end_time":"546.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"546.71","end_time":"546.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"decided"}],"start_time":"546.729","end_time":"547.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"547.159","end_time":"547.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"547.25","end_time":"547.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"547.369","end_time":"547.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pivot"}],"start_time":"547.39","end_time":"547.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"547.799","end_time":"547.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"547.84","end_time":"547.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"547.929","end_time":"548.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"me"}],"start_time":"548.229","end_time":"548.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"548.52","end_time":"548.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"548.659","end_time":"548.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"548.78","end_time":"548.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"548.94","end_time":"549.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"549.34","end_time":"549.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"549.599","end_time":"550.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"550.02","end_time":"550.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"550.159","end_time":"550.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"550.38","end_time":"550.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"550.659","end_time":"550.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"550.919","end_time":"551.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"551.549","end_time":"551.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"551.88","end_time":"552.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"552.15","end_time":"552.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"552.27","end_time":"552.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"552.599","end_time":"552.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"552.76","end_time":"552.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"552.78","end_time":"553.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"vendor"}],"start_time":"553.13","end_time":"553.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.662","content":"and"}],"start_time":"553.5","end_time":"553.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"553.539","end_time":"553.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"553.849","end_time":"553.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"clean"}],"start_time":"553.869","end_time":"554.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"554.409","end_time":"555.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"555.52","end_time":"555.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"and"}],"start_time":"556.179","end_time":"556.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"not"}],"start_time":"556.58","end_time":"556.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"557.119","end_time":"557.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"557.28","end_time":"557.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"but"}],"start_time":"557.64","end_time":"557.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"557.77","end_time":"558.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.321","content":"what's"}],"start_time":"558.059","end_time":"558.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"558.19","end_time":"558.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"558.4","end_time":"558.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"558.51","end_time":"558.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.326","content":"mass"}],"start_time":"558.7","end_time":"558.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"559.049","end_time":"559.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"559.479","end_time":"559.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"eight"}],"start_time":"559.809","end_time":"560.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"560.169","end_time":"560.599"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"560.609","end_time":"560.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"got"}],"start_time":"560.77","end_time":"560.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"requests"}],"start_time":"560.94","end_time":"561.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"561.46","end_time":"561.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"businesses"}],"start_time":"561.69","end_time":"562.44"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"562.559","end_time":"562.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"562.809","end_time":"563.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"563.08","end_time":"563.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"563.159","end_time":"563.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"563.26","end_time":"563.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Softwares"}],"start_time":"563.719","end_time":"564.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"which"}],"start_time":"564.5","end_time":"564.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"564.809","end_time":"564.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"help"}],"start_time":"564.929","end_time":"565.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"the"}],"start_time":"565.26","end_time":"565.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"individual"}],"start_time":"565.4","end_time":"565.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"565.919","end_time":"566.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"problems"}],"start_time":"566.26","end_time":"566.869"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"567.03","end_time":"567.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"eventually"}],"start_time":"567.19","end_time":"567.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"567.58","end_time":"567.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"567.65","end_time":"567.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"567.96","end_time":"568.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"many"}],"start_time":"568.21","end_time":"568.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Softwares"}],"start_time":"568.429","end_time":"568.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"568.83","end_time":"568.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"568.929","end_time":"569.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"realize"}],"start_time":"569.03","end_time":"569.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hey"}],"start_time":"569.38","end_time":"569.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hold"}],"start_time":"569.9","end_time":"570.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"570.289","end_time":"570.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"570.58","end_time":"570.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"570.7","end_time":"570.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"570.979","end_time":"571.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"turn"}],"start_time":"571.26","end_time":"571.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"571.549","end_time":"571.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"571.69","end_time":"572.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"572.03","end_time":"572.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"tech"}],"start_time":"572.049","end_time":"572.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"572.219","end_time":"572.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"572.979","end_time":"573.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"573.289","end_time":"573.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"make"}],"start_time":"573.619","end_time":"573.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"573.979","end_time":"574.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"574.02","end_time":"574.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"profitable"}],"start_time":"574.21","end_time":"574.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"574.78","end_time":"574.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"574.9","end_time":"575.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"we're"}],"start_time":"575.07","end_time":"575.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"575.179","end_time":"575.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"576.484","end_time":"576.875"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"576.885","end_time":"577.075"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"a"}],"start_time":"577.085","end_time":"577.094"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.778","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"577.104","end_time":"577.684"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"577.695","end_time":"578.395"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"578.405","end_time":"578.424"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"I"}],"start_time":"578.434","end_time":"578.445"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"578.455","end_time":"579.234"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"579.244","end_time":"579.395"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"day"}],"start_time":"579.405","end_time":"579.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"579.525","end_time":"579.695"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"another"}],"start_time":"579.705","end_time":"579.974"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"579.984","end_time":"579.994"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"decided"}],"start_time":"580.005","end_time":"580.385"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"580.395","end_time":"580.455"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stop"}],"start_time":"580.465","end_time":"580.695"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"services"}],"start_time":"580.705","end_time":"581.325"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"stop"}],"start_time":"581.335","end_time":"581.705"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"581.715","end_time":"581.885"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.636","content":"revenues"}],"start_time":"581.895","end_time":"582.364"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"582.375","end_time":"582.414"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"had"}],"start_time":"582.424","end_time":"582.655"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"100"}],"start_time":"582.664","end_time":"583.075"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"583.085","end_time":"583.674"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"583.835","end_time":"584.044"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"584.054","end_time":"584.224"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ok"}],"start_time":"584.234","end_time":"584.465"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"now"}],"start_time":"584.474","end_time":"584.664"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"584.674","end_time":"584.905"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"584.914","end_time":"585.244"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"585.255","end_time":"585.385"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"585.395","end_time":"585.664"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"else"}],"start_time":"585.674","end_time":"586.135"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"We'll"}],"start_time":"586.364","end_time":"586.794"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"create"}],"start_time":"586.804","end_time":"587.255"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"587.265","end_time":"587.275"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"network"}],"start_time":"587.284","end_time":"587.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"587.775","end_time":"587.854"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"587.864","end_time":"588.505"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"588.515","end_time":"588.784"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"588.794","end_time":"588.934"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"588.945","end_time":"589.065"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"589.075","end_time":"589.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"589.155","end_time":"589.664"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"589.815","end_time":"590.034"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"590.044","end_time":"590.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"590.155","end_time":"590.284"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"590.294","end_time":"590.544"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"maintenance"}],"start_time":"590.554","end_time":"591.104"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"591.364","end_time":"591.645"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"from"}],"start_time":"591.655","end_time":"591.835"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"one"}],"start_time":"591.905","end_time":"591.984"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"day"}],"start_time":"592.065","end_time":"592.094"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"to"}],"start_time":"592.104","end_time":"592.164"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"one"}],"start_time":"592.304","end_time":"592.354"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"you"}],"start_time":"592.565","end_time":"592.604"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"will"}],"start_time":"592.645","end_time":"592.794"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"592.875","end_time":"593.044"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"what"}],"start_time":"593.054","end_time":"593.315"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"maintenance"}],"start_time":"593.395","end_time":"593.905"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"services"}],"start_time":"593.914","end_time":"594.525"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"upgrades"}],"start_time":"596.315","end_time":"597.025"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"597.619","end_time":"597.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"597.919","end_time":"598.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"598.039","end_time":"598.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"risky"}],"start_time":"598.169","end_time":"598.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"598.52","end_time":"598.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"598.849","end_time":"599.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"599.02","end_time":"599.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"stop"}],"start_time":"599.179","end_time":"599.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"599.53","end_time":"599.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"our"}],"start_time":"599.669","end_time":"599.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"activities"}],"start_time":"599.7","end_time":"600.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"600.169","end_time":"600.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"600.349","end_time":"600.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"day"}],"start_time":"600.5","end_time":"600.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"600.559","end_time":"600.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"another"}],"start_time":"600.76","end_time":"601.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"601.03","end_time":"601.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"refocus"}],"start_time":"601.099","end_time":"601.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"601.52","end_time":"601.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"601.63","end_time":"601.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"else"}],"start_time":"601.859","end_time":"602.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"602.5","end_time":"602.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"602.78","end_time":"602.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"raised"}],"start_time":"602.799","end_time":"603.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"603.09","end_time":"603.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"603.289","end_time":"603.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"603.63","end_time":"603.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Euro"}],"start_time":"603.75","end_time":"604.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"604.559","end_time":"604.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"604.58","end_time":"605.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"French"}],"start_time":"605.369","end_time":"605.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"V"}],"start_time":"605.679","end_time":"605.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.374","content":"CS"}],"start_time":"605.88","end_time":"606.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"606.13","end_time":"606.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"606.179","end_time":"606.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"606.289","end_time":"606.559"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"607.179","end_time":"607.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"607.369","end_time":"607.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"607.7","end_time":"607.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"607.809","end_time":"607.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"607.95","end_time":"608.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"608.09","end_time":"608.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"608.25","end_time":"608.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pivot"}],"start_time":"608.32","end_time":"608.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"in"}],"start_time":"608.69","end_time":"608.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"608.729","end_time":"608.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"608.82","end_time":"609.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"model"}],"start_time":"609.109","end_time":"609.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"609.38","end_time":"609.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"609.559","end_time":"609.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"609.619","end_time":"609.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"609.809","end_time":"609.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"let's"}],"start_time":"609.979","end_time":"610.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"refocus"}],"start_time":"610.229","end_time":"610.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"610.75","end_time":"610.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"making"}],"start_time":"610.849","end_time":"611.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"611.2","end_time":"611.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"clean"}],"start_time":"611.219","end_time":"611.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"611.609","end_time":"612.039"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"612.77","end_time":"613.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"613.479","end_time":"613.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"613.849","end_time":"614.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"the"}],"start_time":"614.08","end_time":"614.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"614.239","end_time":"614.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"adventure"}],"start_time":"614.33","end_time":"614.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"614.69","end_time":"614.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.128","content":"Voodoo"}],"start_time":"614.719","end_time":"615.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"started"}],"start_time":"615.039","end_time":"615.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"616.44","end_time":"616.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"616.69","end_time":"617.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"617.049","end_time":"617.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"617.179","end_time":"617.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"been"}],"start_time":"617.469","end_time":"617.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"617.599","end_time":"617.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"617.719","end_time":"618.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"is"}],"start_time":"618.169","end_time":"618.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"618.429","end_time":"618.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"618.64","end_time":"618.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"618.869","end_time":"619.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"apps"}],"start_time":"619.309","end_time":"619.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"619.539","end_time":"619.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"help"}],"start_time":"619.719","end_time":"620.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"620.09","end_time":"620.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"621.0","end_time":"621.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"621.229","end_time":"621.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"621.469","end_time":"621.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"621.89","end_time":"622.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"productive"}],"start_time":"622.059","end_time":"622.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"From"}],"start_time":"622.95","end_time":"623.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"623.7","end_time":"623.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"first"}],"start_time":"623.95","end_time":"624.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"time"}],"start_time":"624.799","end_time":"625.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"entrepreneur's"}],"start_time":"625.15","end_time":"625.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"625.71","end_time":"626.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"626.489","end_time":"626.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I'd"}],"start_time":"626.679","end_time":"626.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"626.799","end_time":"627.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"627.049","end_time":"627.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"627.2","end_time":"627.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"627.5","end_time":"627.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"627.729","end_time":"628.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"a"}],"start_time":"628.15","end_time":"628.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"first"}],"start_time":"628.409","end_time":"628.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"time"}],"start_time":"628.9","end_time":"629.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"entrepreneur"}],"start_time":"629.109","end_time":"629.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"has"}],"start_time":"629.52","end_time":"629.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"629.799","end_time":"629.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"629.82","end_time":"630.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"630.38","end_time":"630.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"random"}],"start_time":"630.51","end_time":"631.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"631.099","end_time":"631.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"challenges"}],"start_time":"631.539","end_time":"631.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"631.979","end_time":"632.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"632.07","end_time":"632.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"632.169","end_time":"632.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anticipate"}],"start_time":"632.429","end_time":"633.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"633.419","end_time":"633.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"633.909","end_time":"634.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"634.229","end_time":"635.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"635.21","end_time":"635.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"635.929","end_time":"635.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"HR"}],"start_time":"635.95","end_time":"636.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"management"}],"start_time":"636.53","end_time":"637.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"637.229","end_time":"637.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"637.429","end_time":"637.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"list"}],"start_time":"637.63","end_time":"637.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"goes"}],"start_time":"637.96","end_time":"638.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"start_time":"638.2","end_time":"638.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"638.9","end_time":"639.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"I"}],"start_time":"639.39","end_time":"639.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"639.5","end_time":"640.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"640.25","end_time":"640.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"handles"}],"start_time":"640.65","end_time":"641.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"641.13","end_time":"641.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"those"}],"start_time":"641.369","end_time":"641.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"miscellaneous"}],"start_time":"641.64","end_time":"642.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"642.25","end_time":"642.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"problems"}],"start_time":"642.63","end_time":"643.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"643.059","end_time":"643.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"well"}],"start_time":"643.21","end_time":"643.44"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.524","content":"So"}],"start_time":"643.45","end_time":"643.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"643.78","end_time":"644.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"644.479","end_time":"644.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.706","content":"the"}],"start_time":"644.809","end_time":"645.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"the"}],"start_time":"645.21","end_time":"645.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"645.53","end_time":"645.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.755","content":"is"}],"start_time":"645.94","end_time":"646.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.242","content":"it"}],"start_time":"646.049","end_time":"646.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"do"}],"start_time":"646.09","end_time":"646.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"today"}],"start_time":"646.219","end_time":"646.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"647.099","end_time":"647.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"647.169","end_time":"647.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"647.76","end_time":"647.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"suite"}],"start_time":"647.78","end_time":"647.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"647.89","end_time":"648.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"business"}],"start_time":"648.049","end_time":"648.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"apps"}],"start_time":"648.34","end_time":"648.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"648.51","end_time":"648.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"648.729","end_time":"648.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"applications"}],"start_time":"648.809","end_time":"649.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"649.39","end_time":"649.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"649.52","end_time":"649.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"649.78","end_time":"649.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"649.979","end_time":"650.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"SME"}],"start_time":"650.409","end_time":"650.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.794","content":"S"}],"start_time":"650.88","end_time":"650.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"needs"}],"start_time":"650.909","end_time":"651.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"651.65","end_time":"651.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"651.89","end_time":"651.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"651.969","end_time":"652.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"652.21","end_time":"652.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"652.33","end_time":"652.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"652.76","end_time":"653.039"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"653.049","end_time":"653.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"653.169","end_time":"653.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"653.309","end_time":"653.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"AC"}],"start_time":"653.739","end_time":"654.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"RM"}],"start_time":"654.19","end_time":"654.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"654.489","end_time":"654.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"654.64","end_time":"654.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"654.76","end_time":"654.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.825","content":"we"}],"start_time":"654.909","end_time":"654.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.483","content":"want"}],"start_time":"654.979","end_time":"655.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"655.049","end_time":"655.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"655.15","end_time":"655.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"655.469","end_time":"655.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"655.489","end_time":"656.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"656.169","end_time":"656.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"656.369","end_time":"656.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"656.5","end_time":"656.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"656.52","end_time":"656.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"builder"}],"start_time":"656.919","end_time":"657.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"657.719","end_time":"657.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"657.89","end_time":"658.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.718","content":"a"}],"start_time":"658.169","end_time":"658.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"inventory"}],"start_time":"658.19","end_time":"658.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"management"}],"start_time":"658.7","end_time":"659.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"659.109","end_time":"659.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"659.53","end_time":"659.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"barcodes"}],"start_time":"659.69","end_time":"660.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"660.119","end_time":"660.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"be"}],"start_time":"660.33","end_time":"660.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.524","content":"picked"}],"start_time":"660.619","end_time":"661.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"and"}],"start_time":"661.049","end_time":"661.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"you"}],"start_time":"661.19","end_time":"661.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"receive"}],"start_time":"661.289","end_time":"661.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"deliver"}],"start_time":"661.869","end_time":"662.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"662.21","end_time":"662.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"662.4","end_time":"662.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"662.57","end_time":"662.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"app"}],"start_time":"662.7","end_time":"663.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"663.27","end_time":"663.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"663.609","end_time":"663.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"663.849","end_time":"663.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"put"}],"start_time":"663.909","end_time":"664.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"664.119","end_time":"664.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"664.239","end_time":"664.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"apps"}],"start_time":"664.5","end_time":"664.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"664.609","end_time":"665.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"665.13","end_time":"665.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"have"}],"start_time":"665.309","end_time":"665.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"fully"}],"start_time":"665.369","end_time":"665.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"integrated"}],"start_time":"665.979","end_time":"666.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"666.45","end_time":"666.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"667.469","end_time":"668.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"um"}],"start_time":"668.34","end_time":"668.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"and"}],"start_time":"668.539","end_time":"668.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"668.58","end_time":"668.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"668.9","end_time":"669.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"669.03","end_time":"669.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"669.13","end_time":"669.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"669.38","end_time":"669.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"offer"}],"start_time":"669.78","end_time":"670.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"670.09","end_time":"670.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"670.44","end_time":"670.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"670.539","end_time":"670.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"and"}],"start_time":"670.83","end_time":"670.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"mid"}],"start_time":"670.9","end_time":"671.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.479","content":"size"}],"start_time":"671.01","end_time":"671.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"671.219","end_time":"671.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"671.64","end_time":"671.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"671.76","end_time":"671.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"they"}],"start_time":"671.9","end_time":"672.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"672.119","end_time":"672.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"672.219","end_time":"672.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perform"}],"start_time":"672.419","end_time":"672.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"672.76","end_time":"673.19"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"673.289","end_time":"673.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"673.63","end_time":"673.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"find"}],"start_time":"673.69","end_time":"673.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"673.869","end_time":"674.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"674.289","end_time":"674.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"674.559","end_time":"674.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"674.9","end_time":"675.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"675.169","end_time":"675.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"676.01","end_time":"676.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"676.7","end_time":"677.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"677.38","end_time":"677.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"677.4","end_time":"677.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"677.7","end_time":"677.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"data"}],"start_time":"677.799","end_time":"678.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"678.169","end_time":"678.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"678.38","end_time":"678.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"also"}],"start_time":"678.489","end_time":"678.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"678.94","end_time":"679.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"679.169","end_time":"679.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.67","content":"will"}],"start_time":"679.33","end_time":"679.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"679.46","end_time":"679.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"679.659","end_time":"679.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"679.9","end_time":"679.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"679.979","end_time":"680.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"680.65","end_time":"680.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"680.83","end_time":"681.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"681.179","end_time":"681.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"681.9","end_time":"682.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"682.26","end_time":"682.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"682.45","end_time":"682.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"682.919","end_time":"682.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"682.979","end_time":"683.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ways"}],"start_time":"683.33","end_time":"683.809"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"683.969","end_time":"684.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"684.34","end_time":"684.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"684.619","end_time":"684.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"684.78","end_time":"684.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"685.0","end_time":"685.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"12"}],"start_time":"685.02","end_time":"685.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.851","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"685.349","end_time":"685.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"685.609","end_time":"685.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"users"}],"start_time":"685.76","end_time":"686.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"686.58","end_time":"687.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"687.34","end_time":"687.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"687.539","end_time":"687.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"687.989","end_time":"688.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"688.109","end_time":"688.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"installed"}],"start_time":"688.549","end_time":"688.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"management"}],"start_time":"689.0","end_time":"689.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"689.39","end_time":"689.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"689.789","end_time":"689.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"689.96","end_time":"690.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Er"}],"start_time":"690.88","end_time":"691.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"p"}],"start_time":"691.02","end_time":"691.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"691.27","end_time":"691.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"least"}],"start_time":"691.309","end_time":"691.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"692.19","end_time":"692.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"692.71","end_time":"693.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"693.28","end_time":"693.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"693.479","end_time":"693.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"693.679","end_time":"693.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"active"}],"start_time":"693.739","end_time":"694.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"in"}],"start_time":"694.429","end_time":"694.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"694.619","end_time":"694.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"694.799","end_time":"694.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"694.909","end_time":"695.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"695.4","end_time":"695.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973333333333333","content":"150"}],"start_time":"695.679","end_time":"696.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"696.27","end_time":"696.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"697.2","end_time":"697.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"697.869","end_time":"698.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"698.28","end_time":"698.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"698.38","end_time":"698.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"698.559","end_time":"698.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"698.65","end_time":"698.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"largest"}],"start_time":"698.75","end_time":"699.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"699.46","end_time":"699.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"spread"}],"start_time":"699.479","end_time":"700.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"700.119","end_time":"700.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"700.14","end_time":"700.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"700.179","end_time":"701.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"701.2","end_time":"701.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"701.27","end_time":"701.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"701.539","end_time":"701.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"702.07","end_time":"702.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"702.359","end_time":"702.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"brave"}],"start_time":"702.38","end_time":"702.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"702.719","end_time":"703.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"703.28","end_time":"703.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"703.309","end_time":"703.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"703.929","end_time":"704.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"704.219","end_time":"704.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"704.239","end_time":"704.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"worker"}],"start_time":"704.52","end_time":"705.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"I"}],"start_time":"705.88","end_time":"706.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.63","content":"think"}],"start_time":"706.109","end_time":"706.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.651","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"706.169","end_time":"706.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"706.34","end_time":"706.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"706.65","end_time":"706.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"706.669","end_time":"706.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.61","content":"working"}],"start_time":"706.979","end_time":"707.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"707.289","end_time":"707.38"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"707.39","end_time":"707.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.588","content":"a"}],"start_time":"707.76","end_time":"707.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"707.78","end_time":"708.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.55","content":"working"}],"start_time":"708.099","end_time":"708.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.611","content":"for"}],"start_time":"708.469","end_time":"708.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"708.739","end_time":"708.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"first"}],"start_time":"708.95","end_time":"709.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"709.25","end_time":"709.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"709.469","end_time":"710.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"710.099","end_time":"710.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"710.169","end_time":"710.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"710.65","end_time":"710.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"710.979","end_time":"710.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"single"}],"start_time":"711.0","end_time":"711.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"day"}],"start_time":"711.409","end_time":"711.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"or"}],"start_time":"711.57","end_time":"711.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"holiday"}],"start_time":"711.69","end_time":"712.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"712.229","end_time":"712.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"712.46","end_time":"712.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"712.799","end_time":"713.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"713.059","end_time":"713.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"713.179","end_time":"713.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"713.2","end_time":"713.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"working"}],"start_time":"713.4","end_time":"713.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"713.71","end_time":"714.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"14"}],"start_time":"714.33","end_time":"714.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"days"}],"start_time":"714.929","end_time":"715.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"14"}],"start_time":"715.53","end_time":"716.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hours"}],"start_time":"716.02","end_time":"716.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"716.28","end_time":"716.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"day"}],"start_time":"716.299","end_time":"716.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"717.049","end_time":"717.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"717.28","end_time":"717.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"anymore"}],"start_time":"717.52","end_time":"717.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"717.84","end_time":"717.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"case"}],"start_time":"717.909","end_time":"718.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"718.33","end_time":"718.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Saturday"}],"start_time":"718.64","end_time":"719.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"719.109","end_time":"719.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Sunday"}],"start_time":"719.229","end_time":"719.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"I"}],"start_time":"719.51","end_time":"719.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"719.63","end_time":"719.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"719.69","end_time":"720.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"less"}],"start_time":"720.08","end_time":"720.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"but"}],"start_time":"720.33","end_time":"720.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"720.84","end_time":"720.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"getting"}],"start_time":"721.34","end_time":"721.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"older"}],"start_time":"721.799","end_time":"722.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"you"}],"start_time":"723.76","end_time":"723.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"think"}],"start_time":"723.849","end_time":"723.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"723.969","end_time":"724.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"plays"}],"start_time":"724.07","end_time":"724.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"724.32","end_time":"724.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"role"}],"start_time":"724.34","end_time":"724.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.798","content":"I"}],"start_time":"725.0","end_time":"725.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"think"}],"start_time":"725.059","end_time":"725.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"725.739","end_time":"725.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"725.76","end_time":"726.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"726.169","end_time":"726.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"726.33","end_time":"726.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"same"}],"start_time":"726.419","end_time":"726.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"level"}],"start_time":"726.63","end_time":"726.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"726.89","end_time":"726.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"energy"}],"start_time":"727.0","end_time":"727.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"728.2","end_time":"728.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"728.45","end_time":"728.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"728.76","end_time":"728.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"already"}],"start_time":"728.89","end_time":"729.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Between"}],"start_time":"729.349","end_time":"729.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"22"}],"start_time":"729.77","end_time":"730.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"730.19","end_time":"730.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"30"}],"start_time":"730.289","end_time":"730.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"730.71","end_time":"730.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"old"}],"start_time":"730.869","end_time":"731.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"731.15","end_time":"731.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"731.28","end_time":"731.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"731.53","end_time":"731.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"30"}],"start_time":"731.719","end_time":"732.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.586","content":"your"}],"start_time":"732.419","end_time":"732.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"time"}],"start_time":"732.71","end_time":"733.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.839","content":"But"}],"start_time":"733.989","end_time":"734.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"734.169","end_time":"734.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"734.19","end_time":"734.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"start_time":"734.429","end_time":"734.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"734.45","end_time":"734.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"734.94","end_time":"734.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"734.979","end_time":"735.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"energy"}],"start_time":"735.049","end_time":"735.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"735.38","end_time":"735.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"felt"}],"start_time":"735.4","end_time":"735.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"735.869","end_time":"736.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"736.09","end_time":"736.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"736.109","end_time":"736.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"22"}],"start_time":"736.229","end_time":"736.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"I"}],"start_time":"736.669","end_time":"736.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"work"}],"start_time":"736.69","end_time":"736.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"736.989","end_time":"737.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"40"}],"start_time":"737.19","end_time":"737.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.459","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"741.51","end_time":"741.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"44"}],"start_time":"741.77","end_time":"742.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Really"}],"start_time":"742.59","end_time":"743.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"743.7","end_time":"743.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"743.96","end_time":"744.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"744.03","end_time":"744.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"744.059","end_time":"744.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"744.289","end_time":"744.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"young"}],"start_time":"744.359","end_time":"744.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dude"}],"start_time":"744.64","end_time":"744.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"745.32","end_time":"746.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"746.469","end_time":"746.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"746.59","end_time":"746.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"746.909","end_time":"747.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"747.01","end_time":"747.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"747.15","end_time":"747.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"747.34","end_time":"747.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"747.45","end_time":"747.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Good"}],"start_time":"748.869","end_time":"749.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"genetics"}],"start_time":"749.33","end_time":"749.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"749.989","end_time":"750.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.671","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"751.38","end_time":"751.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"a"}],"start_time":"751.58","end_time":"751.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"751.599","end_time":"751.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"751.979","end_time":"752.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"on"}],"start_time":"752.169","end_time":"752.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"the"}],"start_time":"752.32","end_time":"752.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.322","content":"inside"}],"start_time":"752.4","end_time":"752.539"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"752.929","end_time":"753.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"super"}],"start_time":"753.27","end_time":"753.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"753.669","end_time":"754.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"754.039","end_time":"754.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"love"}],"start_time":"754.13","end_time":"754.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"754.539","end_time":"754.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"job"}],"start_time":"754.659","end_time":"755.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"755.02","end_time":"755.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"love"}],"start_time":"755.039","end_time":"755.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"755.27","end_time":"755.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"755.34","end_time":"755.679"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"755.69","end_time":"755.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"love"}],"start_time":"755.71","end_time":"755.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"755.94","end_time":"756.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"project"}],"start_time":"756.02","end_time":"756.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"756.429","end_time":"756.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"really"}],"start_time":"756.75","end_time":"757.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.572","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"757.26","end_time":"757.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"in"}],"start_time":"757.429","end_time":"757.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"life"}],"start_time":"757.5","end_time":"757.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"757.869","end_time":"758.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"758.26","end_time":"758.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"758.369","end_time":"758.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"758.869","end_time":"759.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"happiest"}],"start_time":"759.109","end_time":"759.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"759.789","end_time":"760.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"760.429","end_time":"761.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"761.26","end_time":"761.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"761.28","end_time":"761.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"761.75","end_time":"762.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"762.219","end_time":"762.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"762.44","end_time":"762.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"whole"}],"start_time":"762.539","end_time":"762.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"762.75","end_time":"763.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"career"}],"start_time":"763.07","end_time":"763.539"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"763.88","end_time":"764.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"765.039","end_time":"765.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"765.989","end_time":"766.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"766.88","end_time":"766.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"766.909","end_time":"767.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"767.229","end_time":"767.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"767.59","end_time":"767.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"767.7","end_time":"767.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"767.909","end_time":"768.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"768.229","end_time":"768.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"768.39","end_time":"768.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"as"}],"start_time":"768.729","end_time":"768.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"768.95","end_time":"769.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"769.15","end_time":"769.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"important"}],"start_time":"769.559","end_time":"770.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"770.5","end_time":"770.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"770.53","end_time":"770.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"770.989","end_time":"771.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"helps"}],"start_time":"771.049","end_time":"771.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"771.429","end_time":"772.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"772.38","end_time":"772.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"772.409","end_time":"772.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.775","content":"helps"}],"start_time":"772.65","end_time":"772.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"772.96","end_time":"773.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"773.52","end_time":"773.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"773.77","end_time":"773.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"773.969","end_time":"774.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"management"}],"start_time":"774.14","end_time":"774.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"774.65","end_time":"774.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"774.989","end_time":"775.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"managers"}],"start_time":"775.099","end_time":"775.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"775.7","end_time":"775.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"775.77","end_time":"775.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"managing"}],"start_time":"775.919","end_time":"776.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"776.369","end_time":"776.96"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"776.969","end_time":"777.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"777.09","end_time":"777.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"interested"}],"start_time":"777.299","end_time":"777.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"777.729","end_time":"777.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"777.78","end_time":"777.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.574","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"777.94","end_time":"778.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"not"}],"start_time":"778.059","end_time":"778.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"interesting"}],"start_time":"778.309","end_time":"779.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"779.369","end_time":"779.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"779.5","end_time":"779.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"779.77","end_time":"780.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"780.26","end_time":"780.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"780.359","end_time":"780.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"780.5","end_time":"780.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employee"}],"start_time":"780.94","end_time":"781.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"in"}],"start_time":"781.53","end_time":"781.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"781.979","end_time":"782.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"782.349","end_time":"782.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"782.78","end_time":"782.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"783.0","end_time":"783.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"783.179","end_time":"783.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"783.34","end_time":"783.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"783.64","end_time":"784.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"784.09","end_time":"784.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"save"}],"start_time":"784.39","end_time":"784.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"784.679","end_time":"785.039"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"785.049","end_time":"785.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"less"}],"start_time":"785.229","end_time":"785.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"administrative"}],"start_time":"785.489","end_time":"786.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"tasks"}],"start_time":"786.109","end_time":"786.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"less"}],"start_time":"786.5","end_time":"786.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"boring"}],"start_time":"786.69","end_time":"787.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"task"}],"start_time":"787.08","end_time":"787.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"787.7","end_time":"787.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"787.96","end_time":"788.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"788.15","end_time":"788.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"help"}],"start_time":"788.44","end_time":"788.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"788.7","end_time":"789.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"789.099","end_time":"789.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"789.19","end_time":"789.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"having"}],"start_time":"789.7","end_time":"790.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"790.09","end_time":"790.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"790.109","end_time":"790.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"790.33","end_time":"790.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"790.619","end_time":"791.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"791.239","end_time":"791.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"791.52","end_time":"791.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"791.669","end_time":"792.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"792.01","end_time":"792.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"792.52","end_time":"792.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"792.9","end_time":"793.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"793.059","end_time":"793.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"793.39","end_time":"793.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"30"}],"start_time":"793.719","end_time":"794.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"40%"}],"start_time":"794.099","end_time":"794.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"794.75","end_time":"794.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"794.84","end_time":"794.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"794.989","end_time":"795.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"at"}],"start_time":"795.26","end_time":"795.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"795.38","end_time":"795.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"796.239","end_time":"796.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"796.44","end_time":"796.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"796.71","end_time":"796.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"796.869","end_time":"796.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"796.989","end_time":"797.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"797.19","end_time":"797.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"797.44","end_time":"797.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"797.989","end_time":"798.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"798.21","end_time":"798.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"798.4","end_time":"798.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"enjoy"}],"start_time":"798.539","end_time":"798.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"798.919","end_time":"799.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"799.27","end_time":"799.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"799.69","end_time":"799.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"799.9","end_time":"800.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"boring"}],"start_time":"800.299","end_time":"800.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"administrative"}],"start_time":"800.71","end_time":"801.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.471","content":"rerecording"}],"start_time":"801.32","end_time":"801.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"801.95","end_time":"802.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"data"}],"start_time":"802.059","end_time":"802.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"802.979","end_time":"803.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"803.96","end_time":"804.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"804.09","end_time":"804.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"804.559","end_time":"804.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"804.78","end_time":"804.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"804.869","end_time":"805.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"805.039","end_time":"805.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"805.059","end_time":"805.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"impact"}],"start_time":"805.51","end_time":"805.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"805.989","end_time":"806.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"806.46","end_time":"806.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"806.479","end_time":"806.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"806.95","end_time":"807.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"society"}],"start_time":"807.03","end_time":"807.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"807.419","end_time":"807.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"807.679","end_time":"807.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"807.799","end_time":"808.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"808.64","end_time":"808.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"808.84","end_time":"809.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"809.049","end_time":"809.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"809.109","end_time":"809.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.654","content":"a"}],"start_time":"809.34","end_time":"809.349"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"809.359","end_time":"809.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"809.539","end_time":"809.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"809.88","end_time":"810.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"810.03","end_time":"810.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"810.229","end_time":"810.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"810.27","end_time":"810.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"810.429","end_time":"810.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"a"}],"start_time":"810.609","end_time":"810.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"special"}],"start_time":"810.63","end_time":"810.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.67","content":"business"}],"start_time":"810.989","end_time":"811.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"model"}],"start_time":"811.19","end_time":"811.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"811.51","end_time":"811.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"811.7","end_time":"811.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"811.75","end_time":"812.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"source"}],"start_time":"812.03","end_time":"812.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"812.619","end_time":"812.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"812.9","end_time":"812.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"812.919","end_time":"813.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"813.07","end_time":"813.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"813.15","end_time":"813.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"813.39","end_time":"813.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"813.549","end_time":"813.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"813.739","end_time":"813.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"813.83","end_time":"813.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"813.95","end_time":"814.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"download"}],"start_time":"814.299","end_time":"814.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"modify"}],"start_time":"814.869","end_time":"815.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"815.919","end_time":"816.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"816.34","end_time":"816.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"816.489","end_time":"816.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"816.64","end_time":"816.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"reaching"}],"start_time":"816.82","end_time":"817.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"817.07","end_time":"817.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"817.489","end_time":"817.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"could"}],"start_time":"817.64","end_time":"817.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"817.869","end_time":"818.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"afford"}],"start_time":"818.08","end_time":"818.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"818.4","end_time":"818.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"818.46","end_time":"818.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"818.7","end_time":"818.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"818.77","end_time":"819.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"819.169","end_time":"819.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"819.409","end_time":"819.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"819.51","end_time":"820.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"820.33","end_time":"820.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"820.52","end_time":"820.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"820.859","end_time":"820.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"impact"}],"start_time":"820.95","end_time":"821.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"821.359","end_time":"821.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"821.51","end_time":"821.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"821.75","end_time":"821.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"821.989","end_time":"822.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"822.229","end_time":"822.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"822.429","end_time":"822.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"822.53","end_time":"822.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Can"}],"start_time":"823.489","end_time":"824.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"824.19","end_time":"824.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"explain"}],"start_time":"824.27","end_time":"824.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"824.64","end_time":"824.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"824.989","end_time":"825.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"source"}],"start_time":"825.419","end_time":"825.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"means"}],"start_time":"825.739","end_time":"826.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"One"}],"start_time":"826.15","end_time":"826.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"826.78","end_time":"827.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"827.09","end_time":"827.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"827.489","end_time":"827.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"827.969","end_time":"828.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"828.15","end_time":"828.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"828.25","end_time":"828.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"828.53","end_time":"828.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"828.58","end_time":"828.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"source"}],"start_time":"828.859","end_time":"829.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"829.169","end_time":"829.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"829.82","end_time":"829.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"a"}],"start_time":"829.969","end_time":"829.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"829.989","end_time":"830.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"830.289","end_time":"830.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"mentality"}],"start_time":"830.77","end_time":"831.44"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"831.45","end_time":"831.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"831.619","end_time":"831.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"831.869","end_time":"831.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"have"}],"start_time":"831.969","end_time":"832.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"built"}],"start_time":"832.099","end_time":"832.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"out"}],"start_time":"832.44","end_time":"832.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"832.71","end_time":"832.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"832.729","end_time":"833.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"833.349","end_time":"833.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.601","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"833.45","end_time":"833.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"built"}],"start_time":"833.599","end_time":"833.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"out"}],"start_time":"833.89","end_time":"834.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"834.059","end_time":"834.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"834.08","end_time":"834.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"835.28","end_time":"835.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"835.299","end_time":"835.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"835.69","end_time":"835.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"835.909","end_time":"835.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"835.969","end_time":"836.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"836.08","end_time":"836.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"intention"}],"start_time":"836.179","end_time":"836.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.572","content":"in"}],"start_time":"836.919","end_time":"837.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"turning"}],"start_time":"837.049","end_time":"837.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"837.44","end_time":"837.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"into"}],"start_time":"837.53","end_time":"837.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"837.729","end_time":"837.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"837.78","end_time":"838.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"source"}],"start_time":"838.099","end_time":"838.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"838.289","end_time":"838.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"838.96","end_time":"839.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"sources"}],"start_time":"839.38","end_time":"839.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"839.77","end_time":"839.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"have"}],"start_time":"839.919","end_time":"840.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kept"}],"start_time":"840.179","end_time":"840.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"840.549","end_time":"840.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"840.679","end_time":"841.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"available"}],"start_time":"841.039","end_time":"841.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"841.46","end_time":"841.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"841.559","end_time":"841.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"public"}],"start_time":"841.64","end_time":"842.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"842.309","end_time":"842.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"843.13","end_time":"843.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"843.619","end_time":"843.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"source"}],"start_time":"843.77","end_time":"843.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"843.969","end_time":"844.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.913","content":"a"}],"start_time":"844.059","end_time":"844.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"license"}],"start_time":"844.08","end_time":"844.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"844.76","end_time":"844.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"says"}],"start_time":"844.979","end_time":"845.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"instead"}],"start_time":"845.52","end_time":"845.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"845.929","end_time":"846.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"constraining"}],"start_time":"846.53","end_time":"847.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"847.469","end_time":"847.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"software"}],"start_time":"847.599","end_time":"848.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"848.32","end_time":"848.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"848.599","end_time":"848.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"848.88","end_time":"849.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"849.099","end_time":"849.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"849.179","end_time":"849.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"849.45","end_time":"849.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"849.599","end_time":"849.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"849.979","end_time":"850.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"850.109","end_time":"850.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"minimum"}],"start_time":"850.299","end_time":"850.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"10"}],"start_time":"850.679","end_time":"850.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"user"}],"start_time":"850.89","end_time":"851.21"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"maximum"}],"start_time":"851.219","end_time":"851.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"10"}],"start_time":"851.599","end_time":"851.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"user"}],"start_time":"851.77","end_time":"852.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"852.039","end_time":"852.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"852.14","end_time":"852.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"852.239","end_time":"852.4"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"852.409","end_time":"852.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"852.59","end_time":"852.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"852.76","end_time":"853.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"instead"}],"start_time":"853.25","end_time":"853.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"853.609","end_time":"853.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"putting"}],"start_time":"853.7","end_time":"853.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"constraints"}],"start_time":"854.0","end_time":"854.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"854.929","end_time":"855.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"put"}],"start_time":"855.21","end_time":"855.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"rules"}],"start_time":"855.53","end_time":"856.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"856.09","end_time":"856.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"856.239","end_time":"856.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"856.429","end_time":"856.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"guarantee"}],"start_time":"856.599","end_time":"857.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"857.309","end_time":"857.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"user"}],"start_time":"857.46","end_time":"857.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"857.88","end_time":"858.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"858.059","end_time":"858.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"858.21","end_time":"858.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"858.4","end_time":"858.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"858.52","end_time":"858.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"858.84","end_time":"859.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"use"}],"start_time":"859.289","end_time":"859.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"859.63","end_time":"859.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"859.719","end_time":"860.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"860.07","end_time":"860.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"860.19","end_time":"860.69"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"861.09","end_time":"861.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"861.419","end_time":"861.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"861.969","end_time":"862.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"source"}],"start_time":"862.09","end_time":"862.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"code"}],"start_time":"862.349","end_time":"862.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"862.559","end_time":"862.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"862.64","end_time":"862.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"862.75","end_time":"863.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"863.099","end_time":"863.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"863.159","end_time":"863.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"863.26","end_time":"863.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"863.44","end_time":"863.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"864.0","end_time":"864.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"modify"}],"start_time":"864.739","end_time":"865.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"865.419","end_time":"865.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"865.64","end_time":"865.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"865.989","end_time":"866.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"866.21","end_time":"866.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"866.4","end_time":"866.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"866.52","end_time":"866.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"866.59","end_time":"866.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"866.84","end_time":"866.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"866.979","end_time":"867.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"867.09","end_time":"867.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"forever"}],"start_time":"867.299","end_time":"867.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"867.89","end_time":"868.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"868.049","end_time":"868.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"868.179","end_time":"868.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"868.38","end_time":"868.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"protection"}],"start_time":"868.4","end_time":"868.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"868.95","end_time":"869.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"869.07","end_time":"869.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"user"}],"start_time":"869.179","end_time":"869.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"870.239","end_time":"870.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"870.599","end_time":"870.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"870.669","end_time":"870.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"870.929","end_time":"870.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"870.95","end_time":"871.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"871.169","end_time":"871.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"source"}],"start_time":"871.429","end_time":"871.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"871.559","end_time":"871.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"871.609","end_time":"872.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"872.03","end_time":"872.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"passionate"}],"start_time":"872.19","end_time":"872.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"872.739","end_time":"872.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"872.929","end_time":"873.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"source"}],"start_time":"873.33","end_time":"873.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"since"}],"start_time":"873.39","end_time":"873.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"873.909","end_time":"873.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"873.969","end_time":"874.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"874.28","end_time":"874.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"student"}],"start_time":"874.299","end_time":"874.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"874.989","end_time":"875.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"875.15","end_time":"875.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"use"}],"start_time":"875.53","end_time":"875.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"875.78","end_time":"876.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"876.119","end_time":"876.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.768","content":"source"}],"start_time":"876.419","end_time":"876.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"876.469","end_time":"877.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"877.239","end_time":"877.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"877.53","end_time":"877.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"877.859","end_time":"878.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"developed"}],"start_time":"878.03","end_time":"879.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"879.09","end_time":"879.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"879.619","end_time":"879.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"879.659","end_time":"879.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"879.96","end_time":"880.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"880.039","end_time":"880.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"source"}],"start_time":"880.409","end_time":"880.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"880.719","end_time":"881.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"881.179","end_time":"881.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"881.34","end_time":"881.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"881.96","end_time":"881.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"template"}],"start_time":"881.979","end_time":"882.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"882.429","end_time":"882.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"which"}],"start_time":"882.679","end_time":"882.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"882.83","end_time":"882.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"882.969","end_time":"883.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"883.109","end_time":"883.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"upon"}],"start_time":"883.39","end_time":"883.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"883.59","end_time":"883.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"884.0","end_time":"884.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"II"}],"start_time":"884.429","end_time":"884.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"I"}],"start_time":"884.89","end_time":"885.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"did"}],"start_time":"885.13","end_time":"885.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"885.27","end_time":"885.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"885.289","end_time":"885.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"want"}],"start_time":"885.82","end_time":"886.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"886.01","end_time":"886.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"886.169","end_time":"886.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"another"}],"start_time":"886.26","end_time":"886.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"model"}],"start_time":"886.53","end_time":"886.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"886.89","end_time":"887.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"887.03","end_time":"887.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"887.19","end_time":"887.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"887.69","end_time":"887.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"887.71","end_time":"888.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"888.03","end_time":"888.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.759","content":"passionate"}],"start_time":"888.13","end_time":"888.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"888.599","end_time":"888.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"888.82","end_time":"889.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.588","content":"I'd"}],"start_time":"889.07","end_time":"889.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"889.109","end_time":"889.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"889.419","end_time":"889.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"889.89","end_time":"889.94"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"889.95","end_time":"890.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"890.53","end_time":"891.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"891.09","end_time":"891.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"knowledge"}],"start_time":"891.179","end_time":"891.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"891.95","end_time":"892.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"knowledge"}],"start_time":"892.299","end_time":"892.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"should"}],"start_time":"892.539","end_time":"892.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"892.719","end_time":"892.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"shared"}],"start_time":"892.809","end_time":"893.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"893.71","end_time":"893.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"893.88","end_time":"893.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"893.9","end_time":"894.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"short"}],"start_time":"894.15","end_time":"894.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"894.38","end_time":"894.96"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"894.969","end_time":"895.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"895.109","end_time":"895.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"knowledge"}],"start_time":"895.429","end_time":"895.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"should"}],"start_time":"895.78","end_time":"896.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"896.01","end_time":"896.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"shared"}],"start_time":"896.099","end_time":"896.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"896.38","end_time":"896.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"896.479","end_time":"896.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"world"}],"start_time":"896.549","end_time":"896.94"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"897.27","end_time":"897.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"897.88","end_time":"898.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"898.169","end_time":"898.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"898.19","end_time":"898.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"898.469","end_time":"898.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"898.59","end_time":"898.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"it"}],"start_time":"899.27","end_time":"899.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"was"}],"start_time":"899.409","end_time":"899.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"899.58","end_time":"899.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"899.84","end_time":"900.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"900.15","end_time":"900.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"900.51","end_time":"900.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"900.659","end_time":"900.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"900.729","end_time":"900.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"900.94","end_time":"900.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"900.96","end_time":"901.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"901.289","end_time":"901.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"901.429","end_time":"901.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"getting"}],"start_time":"901.719","end_time":"902.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"902.039","end_time":"902.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"out"}],"start_time":"902.299","end_time":"902.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"902.489","end_time":"902.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"902.599","end_time":"902.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"902.809","end_time":"903.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"903.01","end_time":"903.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"903.59","end_time":"904.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"So"}],"start_time":"904.659","end_time":"904.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"904.869","end_time":"905.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"took"}],"start_time":"905.039","end_time":"905.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"905.169","end_time":"905.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"905.7","end_time":"905.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"905.719","end_time":"906.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"15"}],"start_time":"906.07","end_time":"906.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"906.5","end_time":"906.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"906.75","end_time":"906.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"906.869","end_time":"907.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"907.289","end_time":"907.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"907.32","end_time":"907.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"model"}],"start_time":"907.58","end_time":"908.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"908.08","end_time":"908.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"908.45","end_time":"908.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"908.549","end_time":"908.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"908.619","end_time":"908.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"model"}],"start_time":"908.929","end_time":"909.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"909.59","end_time":"910.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.82","content":"Nowadays"}],"start_time":"911.15","end_time":"912.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"912.099","end_time":"912.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"912.369","end_time":"912.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tried"}],"start_time":"912.39","end_time":"912.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"912.659","end_time":"913.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"913.039","end_time":"913.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"started"}],"start_time":"913.059","end_time":"913.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"913.44","end_time":"913.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"913.549","end_time":"913.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"service"}],"start_time":"913.57","end_time":"913.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"913.88","end_time":"914.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"914.169","end_time":"914.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"914.32","end_time":"914.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"explained"}],"start_time":"914.34","end_time":"914.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.54","content":"to"}],"start_time":"914.719","end_time":"914.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"914.75","end_time":"914.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Then"}],"start_time":"915.059","end_time":"915.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"915.5","end_time":"915.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"moved"}],"start_time":"915.52","end_time":"915.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"915.859","end_time":"915.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"maintenance"}],"start_time":"915.94","end_time":"916.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"916.69","end_time":"917.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"service"}],"start_time":"917.299","end_time":"917.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"917.76","end_time":"917.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"support"}],"start_time":"917.94","end_time":"918.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"upgrade"}],"start_time":"918.559","end_time":"919.289"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"919.679","end_time":"919.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"920.0","end_time":"920.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"920.4","end_time":"920.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"920.599","end_time":"920.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"well"}],"start_time":"920.739","end_time":"921.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"921.059","end_time":"921.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"921.32","end_time":"921.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"921.679","end_time":"921.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"922.0","end_time":"922.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"922.02","end_time":"922.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"500"}],"start_time":"922.349","end_time":"922.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"922.83","end_time":"923.15"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"923.159","end_time":"923.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"couldn't"}],"start_time":"923.19","end_time":"923.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"923.96","end_time":"923.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"923.989","end_time":"924.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"924.46","end_time":"924.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"924.539","end_time":"924.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"924.94","end_time":"925.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"had"}],"start_time":"925.08","end_time":"925.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"925.26","end_time":"925.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"925.53","end_time":"925.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"925.859","end_time":"926.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"close"}],"start_time":"926.119","end_time":"926.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"926.349","end_time":"926.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.888","content":"bank"}],"start_time":"926.469","end_time":"926.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bankruptcy"}],"start_time":"926.659","end_time":"927.539"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"927.599","end_time":"927.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"927.799","end_time":"927.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"927.909","end_time":"928.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"point"}],"start_time":"928.039","end_time":"928.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.681","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"928.26","end_time":"928.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ok"}],"start_time":"928.34","end_time":"928.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"928.539","end_time":"928.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"928.57","end_time":"928.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"928.76","end_time":"928.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"start_time":"928.84","end_time":"929.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"My"}],"start_time":"929.559","end_time":"929.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"passion"}],"start_time":"929.979","end_time":"930.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"930.34","end_time":"930.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"930.559","end_time":"930.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.929","content":"source"}],"start_time":"930.83","end_time":"931.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"931.039","end_time":"931.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"931.14","end_time":"931.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"931.34","end_time":"931.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"931.53","end_time":"931.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"931.64","end_time":"931.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"point"}],"start_time":"931.869","end_time":"932.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"932.109","end_time":"932.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"932.219","end_time":"932.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"932.419","end_time":"932.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"remain"}],"start_time":"932.51","end_time":"932.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"alive"}],"start_time":"932.869","end_time":"933.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"too"}],"start_time":"933.25","end_time":"933.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"934.039","end_time":"934.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"934.739","end_time":"934.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"934.96","end_time":"935.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"935.09","end_time":"935.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"935.289","end_time":"935.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"935.39","end_time":"935.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"model"}],"start_time":"935.669","end_time":"935.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"935.89","end_time":"936.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"works"}],"start_time":"936.03","end_time":"936.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"is"}],"start_time":"936.349","end_time":"936.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"936.46","end_time":"936.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"936.65","end_time":"936.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"called"}],"start_time":"936.78","end_time":"937.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"937.059","end_time":"937.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.415","content":"core"}],"start_time":"937.44","end_time":"937.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"and"}],"start_time":"938.309","end_time":"938.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"938.59","end_time":"938.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"938.679","end_time":"938.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"core"}],"start_time":"938.989","end_time":"939.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"939.14","end_time":"939.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"939.429","end_time":"939.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"anyways"}],"start_time":"939.52","end_time":"939.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where"}],"start_time":"939.799","end_time":"940.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"940.26","end_time":"940.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"940.359","end_time":"940.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"80%"}],"start_time":"940.539","end_time":"941.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"941.289","end_time":"941.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"941.419","end_time":"941.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"applications"}],"start_time":"941.51","end_time":"942.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"a"}],"start_time":"942.229","end_time":"942.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9325","content":"re"}],"start_time":"942.25","end_time":"942.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"942.469","end_time":"942.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"942.719","end_time":"942.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"942.789","end_time":"943.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"source"}],"start_time":"943.039","end_time":"943.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"943.77","end_time":"943.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"943.979","end_time":"944.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"add"}],"start_time":"944.119","end_time":"944.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"20%"}],"start_time":"944.45","end_time":"945.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"945.21","end_time":"945.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"application"}],"start_time":"945.38","end_time":"945.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"945.83","end_time":"945.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"945.969","end_time":"946.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"946.09","end_time":"946.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"946.21","end_time":"946.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"946.28","end_time":"946.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"946.52","end_time":"946.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.332","content":"premium"}],"start_time":"947.09","end_time":"947.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"947.52","end_time":"947.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"947.84","end_time":"948.44"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"948.45","end_time":"948.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.33","content":"premium"}],"start_time":"948.559","end_time":"948.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"948.969","end_time":"949.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"949.299","end_time":"949.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"949.539","end_time":"949.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"two"}],"start_time":"949.78","end_time":"949.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"949.909","end_time":"950.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.668","content":"products"}],"start_time":"950.19","end_time":"950.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Some"}],"start_time":"950.659","end_time":"951.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"951.01","end_time":"951.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"951.28","end_time":"951.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"951.46","end_time":"951.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"use"}],"start_time":"951.719","end_time":"951.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"951.88","end_time":"951.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"951.94","end_time":"952.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"source"}],"start_time":"952.19","end_time":"952.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"952.429","end_time":"952.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"952.59","end_time":"952.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"others"}],"start_time":"952.7","end_time":"953.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"953.219","end_time":"953.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"953.619","end_time":"954.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"use"}],"start_time":"954.09","end_time":"954.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"954.33","end_time":"954.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"954.539","end_time":"954.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"954.83","end_time":"954.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"call"}],"start_time":"954.929","end_time":"955.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.581","content":"a"}],"start_time":"955.109","end_time":"955.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"do"}],"start_time":"955.13","end_time":"955.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"enterprise"}],"start_time":"955.299","end_time":"955.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"which"}],"start_time":"955.739","end_time":"955.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"955.94","end_time":"956.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"956.02","end_time":"956.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"full"}],"start_time":"956.099","end_time":"956.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"version"}],"start_time":"956.289","end_time":"956.69"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"956.979","end_time":"957.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"957.26","end_time":"957.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"957.409","end_time":"957.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"that"}],"start_time":"957.739","end_time":"957.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"957.869","end_time":"957.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"958.0","end_time":"958.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"958.38","end_time":"958.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"958.46","end_time":"958.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"right"}],"start_time":"958.53","end_time":"958.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"958.71","end_time":"958.869"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"958.88","end_time":"959.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"959.059","end_time":"959.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"EXA"}],"start_time":"959.219","end_time":"959.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"MP"}],"start_time":"959.489","end_time":"959.69"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"959.75","end_time":"959.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"959.919","end_time":"959.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"need"}],"start_time":"959.989","end_time":"960.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"AC"}],"start_time":"960.19","end_time":"960.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"RM"}],"start_time":"960.44","end_time":"960.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"960.78","end_time":"960.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"960.989","end_time":"961.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"961.229","end_time":"961.46"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"is"}],"start_time":"961.469","end_time":"961.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"free"}],"start_time":"961.539","end_time":"961.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"962.07","end_time":"962.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"need"}],"start_time":"962.169","end_time":"962.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"a"}],"start_time":"962.359","end_time":"962.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"962.38","end_time":"962.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"free"}],"start_time":"962.979","end_time":"963.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.618","content":"an"}],"start_time":"963.335","end_time":"963.465"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"963.474","end_time":"963.715"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"963.724","end_time":"964.085"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"964.304","end_time":"964.414"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"need"}],"start_time":"964.424","end_time":"964.635"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"inventory"}],"start_time":"964.645","end_time":"965.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"965.304","end_time":"965.565"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"purchase"}],"start_time":"965.575","end_time":"966.145"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"966.155","end_time":"966.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"free"}],"start_time":"966.304","end_time":"966.455"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.448","content":"and"}],"start_time":"966.465","end_time":"966.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"966.525","end_time":"966.775"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"source"}],"start_time":"966.784","end_time":"967.155"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"967.315","end_time":"967.434"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"967.445","end_time":"967.594"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"967.604","end_time":"968.275"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"968.344","end_time":"968.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"will"}],"start_time":"968.525","end_time":"968.575"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"968.585","end_time":"968.794"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"968.804","end_time":"968.864"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"968.875","end_time":"969.114"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"969.125","end_time":"969.195"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"969.205","end_time":"969.864"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"version"}],"start_time":"969.934","end_time":"970.344"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"970.354","end_time":"970.614"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"970.625","end_time":"970.724"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"970.734","end_time":"970.945"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"in"}],"start_time":"970.955","end_time":"971.015"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"971.025","end_time":"971.104"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"paid"}],"start_time":"971.114","end_time":"971.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"version"}],"start_time":"971.335","end_time":"971.705"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"971.715","end_time":"971.895"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"971.905","end_time":"972.315"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"gain"}],"start_time":"972.325","end_time":"972.664"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"trust"}],"start_time":"972.674","end_time":"973.075"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"in"}],"start_time":"973.085","end_time":"973.135"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"973.145","end_time":"973.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"973.335","end_time":"973.695"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"973.705","end_time":"973.844"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"973.854","end_time":"973.955"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"973.965","end_time":"974.244"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"part"}],"start_time":"974.255","end_time":"974.625"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"974.635","end_time":"974.734"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"974.744","end_time":"974.825"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"they"}],"start_time":"974.835","end_time":"974.965"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.384","content":"say"}],"start_time":"974.974","end_time":"974.994"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.784","content":"yeah"}],"start_time":"975.005","end_time":"975.075"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.671","content":"this"}],"start_time":"975.085","end_time":"975.265"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.563","content":"is"}],"start_time":"975.275","end_time":"975.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"975.304","end_time":"975.315"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"975.325","end_time":"975.585"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"975.594","end_time":"975.924"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"975.934","end_time":"976.354"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.73","content":"is"}],"start_time":"976.364","end_time":"976.434"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"great"}],"start_time":"976.445","end_time":"976.914"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Functionality"}],"start_time":"976.945","end_time":"977.655"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"is"}],"start_time":"977.664","end_time":"977.724"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"great"}],"start_time":"977.734","end_time":"977.885"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Let"}],"start_time":"977.895","end_time":"978.075"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"978.085","end_time":"978.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"978.135","end_time":"978.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"978.385","end_time":"978.494"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"978.505","end_time":"978.614"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"this"}],"start_time":"978.625","end_time":"978.744"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"additional"}],"start_time":"978.755","end_time":"979.205"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"979.284","end_time":"979.424"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"979.614","end_time":"979.875"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"some"}],"start_time":"979.885","end_time":"980.085"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"980.094","end_time":"980.244"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"980.255","end_time":"980.405"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"10%"}],"start_time":"980.414","end_time":"981.155"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"90%"}],"start_time":"981.164","end_time":"981.744"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"981.755","end_time":"982.015"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"982.025","end_time":"982.224"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"never"}],"start_time":"982.234","end_time":"982.505"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"982.515","end_time":"982.895"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"983.315","end_time":"983.594"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"983.604","end_time":"983.684"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"983.695","end_time":"984.224"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"984.234","end_time":"984.395"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"984.405","end_time":"984.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"word"}],"start_time":"984.525","end_time":"984.755"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"984.765","end_time":"984.835"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"mouth"}],"start_time":"984.844","end_time":"985.155"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"985.244","end_time":"985.474"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"985.484","end_time":"985.534"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"985.544","end_time":"985.755"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"985.765","end_time":"985.815"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"985.825","end_time":"986.094"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"a"}],"start_time":"986.104","end_time":"986.114"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"986.125","end_time":"986.484"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"986.494","end_time":"986.594"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"986.604","end_time":"986.825"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"986.835","end_time":"987.155"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"part"}],"start_time":"987.164","end_time":"987.364"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"987.375","end_time":"987.474"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"987.484","end_time":"988.025"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"word"}],"start_time":"988.034","end_time":"988.265"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"988.275","end_time":"988.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.625","content":"mouth"}],"start_time":"988.385","end_time":"988.525"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"building"}],"start_time":"988.645","end_time":"989.304"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"989.315","end_time":"989.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"989.335","end_time":"989.554"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"audience"}],"start_time":"989.565","end_time":"990.065"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"990.075","end_time":"990.215"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"users"}],"start_time":"990.224","end_time":"990.794"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"990.804","end_time":"990.965"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"991.5","end_time":"991.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"991.929","end_time":"992.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"992.01","end_time":"992.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"992.169","end_time":"992.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"992.33","end_time":"992.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"992.479","end_time":"992.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"992.57","end_time":"992.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"992.679","end_time":"992.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"992.929","end_time":"993.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"993.01","end_time":"993.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"993.169","end_time":"993.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"993.27","end_time":"993.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"993.609","end_time":"993.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"billions"}],"start_time":"993.809","end_time":"994.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"994.179","end_time":"994.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"users"}],"start_time":"994.299","end_time":"994.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"995.229","end_time":"995.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"995.789","end_time":"995.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"even"}],"start_time":"995.809","end_time":"996.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"though"}],"start_time":"996.109","end_time":"996.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"996.159","end_time":"996.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"996.33","end_time":"996.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"never"}],"start_time":"996.409","end_time":"996.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"996.609","end_time":"996.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"996.969","end_time":"997.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"997.26","end_time":"997.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"997.359","end_time":"997.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"997.83","end_time":"998.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"998.109","end_time":"998.21"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"will"}],"start_time":"998.219","end_time":"998.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"998.38","end_time":"998.539"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"998.549","end_time":"998.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"998.69","end_time":"998.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"998.96","end_time":"999.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"999.39","end_time":"999.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"999.409","end_time":"999.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"999.9","end_time":"1000.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1000.669","end_time":"1000.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1001.0","end_time":"1001.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1001.109","end_time":"1001.19"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"1001.2","end_time":"1001.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1001.39","end_time":"1001.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"1001.5","end_time":"1001.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"friend"}],"start_time":"1001.59","end_time":"1001.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1001.859","end_time":"1002.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1002.19","end_time":"1002.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1002.21","end_time":"1002.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1002.75","end_time":"1002.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"great"}],"start_time":"1002.849","end_time":"1003.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"1003.26","end_time":"1003.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"using"}],"start_time":"1003.38","end_time":"1003.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"1003.69","end_time":"1003.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"day"}],"start_time":"1003.9","end_time":"1004.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1004.13","end_time":"1004.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"1004.26","end_time":"1004.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"check"}],"start_time":"1004.409","end_time":"1004.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1004.729","end_time":"1004.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1004.849","end_time":"1004.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"1004.969","end_time":"1005.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1005.289","end_time":"1005.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1005.44","end_time":"1005.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"1005.52","end_time":"1005.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1005.7","end_time":"1005.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"1005.859","end_time":"1006.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1006.659","end_time":"1006.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"based"}],"start_time":"1006.919","end_time":"1007.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1007.349","end_time":"1007.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"those"}],"start_time":"1007.46","end_time":"1007.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"10%"}],"start_time":"1007.619","end_time":"1008.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"parts"}],"start_time":"1008.63","end_time":"1009.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1009.059","end_time":"1009.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1009.169","end_time":"1009.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1009.34","end_time":"1009.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1009.799","end_time":"1009.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1009.979","end_time":"1010.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"1010.049","end_time":"1010.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"premium"}],"start_time":"1010.489","end_time":"1011.059"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1011.07","end_time":"1011.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1011.229","end_time":"1011.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"1011.489","end_time":"1011.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1011.719","end_time":"1011.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"1011.989","end_time":"1012.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"supporting"}],"start_time":"1012.26","end_time":"1012.69"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1012.7","end_time":"1012.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"whole"}],"start_time":"1012.78","end_time":"1013.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1013.109","end_time":"1014.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"including"}],"start_time":"1014.21","end_time":"1014.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1014.75","end_time":"1014.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"90%"}],"start_time":"1014.83","end_time":"1015.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1015.599","end_time":"1015.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1015.77","end_time":"1015.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1016.75","end_time":"1016.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1016.969","end_time":"1017.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1017.09","end_time":"1017.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1017.169","end_time":"1017.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1017.359","end_time":"1017.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1017.38","end_time":"1017.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"philosophical"}],"start_time":"1017.659","end_time":"1018.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"1018.369","end_time":"1018.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1018.799","end_time":"1019.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1019.46","end_time":"1019.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1019.57","end_time":"1019.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"passionate"}],"start_time":"1019.799","end_time":"1020.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1020.289","end_time":"1020.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1020.599","end_time":"1020.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1020.739","end_time":"1020.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1020.96","end_time":"1021.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1021.14","end_time":"1021.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"1021.159","end_time":"1021.71"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1021.719","end_time":"1022.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.649","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1022.099","end_time":"1022.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1022.34","end_time":"1022.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"1022.539","end_time":"1022.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"proper"}],"start_time":"1023.21","end_time":"1023.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1023.729","end_time":"1023.96"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1023.969","end_time":"1024.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1024.079","end_time":"1024.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1024.56","end_time":"1024.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1024.689","end_time":"1024.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"against"}],"start_time":"1024.91","end_time":"1025.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1025.27","end_time":"1025.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1026.198","end_time":"1026.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1026.269","end_time":"1026.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1026.659","end_time":"1026.749"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1026.759","end_time":"1026.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1026.918","end_time":"1026.928"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1026.938","end_time":"1027.218"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"1027.229","end_time":"1027.548"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"decision"}],"start_time":"1027.558","end_time":"1028.298"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"It"}],"start_time":"1028.308","end_time":"1028.548"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1028.558","end_time":"1028.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1028.749","end_time":"1028.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1028.769","end_time":"1028.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.631","content":"bright"}],"start_time":"1028.869","end_time":"1029.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"1029.149","end_time":"1029.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1029.489","end_time":"1029.798"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1029.808","end_time":"1029.838"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1029.848","end_time":"1029.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1029.989","end_time":"1030.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1030.369","end_time":"1030.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1030.389","end_time":"1030.678"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1030.688","end_time":"1031.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1031.038","end_time":"1031.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"1031.859","end_time":"1032.218"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"100"}],"start_time":"1032.229","end_time":"1032.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"1032.619","end_time":"1033.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"maximum"}],"start_time":"1033.029","end_time":"1033.538"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1033.548","end_time":"1033.558"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"couldn't"}],"start_time":"1033.568","end_time":"1033.928"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"1033.938","end_time":"1034.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1034.139","end_time":"1034.568"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1035.038","end_time":"1035.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1036.109","end_time":"1036.538"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1036.548","end_time":"1036.848"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1036.869","end_time":"1037.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1037.269","end_time":"1037.348"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1037.359","end_time":"1037.578"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"10%"}],"start_time":"1037.588","end_time":"1038.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"non"}],"start_time":"1038.168","end_time":"1038.328"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.858","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1038.399","end_time":"1038.588"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1038.749","end_time":"1039.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1039.149","end_time":"1039.448"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"20%"}],"start_time":"1039.458","end_time":"1040.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"non"}],"start_time":"1040.119","end_time":"1040.188"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.617","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1040.279","end_time":"1040.468"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1040.588","end_time":"1040.749"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"80%"}],"start_time":"1040.759","end_time":"1041.198"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1041.208","end_time":"1041.468"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1041.479","end_time":"1041.948"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1042.279","end_time":"1042.348"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1042.359","end_time":"1042.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"afford"}],"start_time":"1042.649","end_time":"1043.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"paying"}],"start_time":"1043.129","end_time":"1043.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hundreds"}],"start_time":"1043.869","end_time":"1044.438"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1044.448","end_time":"1044.519"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"1044.529","end_time":"1045.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1045.389","end_time":"1045.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1045.409","end_time":"1045.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1045.889","end_time":"1045.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"contribute"}],"start_time":"1045.909","end_time":"1046.698"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"1046.708","end_time":"1047.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1047.029","end_time":"1047.318"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1047.328","end_time":"1047.458"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1047.468","end_time":"1047.538"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1047.548","end_time":"1047.828"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1047.838","end_time":"1048.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1048.288","end_time":"1048.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"1048.769","end_time":"1048.958"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1048.968","end_time":"1049.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1049.168","end_time":"1049.178"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"did"}],"start_time":"1049.188","end_time":"1049.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"1049.418","end_time":"1049.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"even"}],"start_time":"1049.989","end_time":"1050.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"though"}],"start_time":"1050.369","end_time":"1050.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"1050.499","end_time":"1050.588"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1050.598","end_time":"1050.838"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99675","content":"100%"}],"start_time":"1050.848","end_time":"1051.448"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1051.458","end_time":"1051.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1051.639","end_time":"1051.798"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"today"}],"start_time":"1051.808","end_time":"1052.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1052.589","end_time":"1052.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1052.979","end_time":"1053.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1053.18","end_time":"1053.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1053.579","end_time":"1053.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"1053.599","end_time":"1053.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1053.819","end_time":"1054.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"took"}],"start_time":"1054.229","end_time":"1054.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1054.41","end_time":"1054.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"1054.55","end_time":"1054.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1054.839","end_time":"1055.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1055.089","end_time":"1055.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"refused"}],"start_time":"1055.109","end_time":"1055.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1055.469","end_time":"1055.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1055.56","end_time":"1055.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"once"}],"start_time":"1055.76","end_time":"1056.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1056.04","end_time":"1056.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"did"}],"start_time":"1056.06","end_time":"1056.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1056.319","end_time":"1056.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1057.13","end_time":"1057.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"switched"}],"start_time":"1057.28","end_time":"1057.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1057.68","end_time":"1057.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1057.709","end_time":"1057.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"model"}],"start_time":"1057.949","end_time":"1058.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1058.219","end_time":"1058.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1058.439","end_time":"1058.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1058.68","end_time":"1058.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1058.819","end_time":"1059.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"started"}],"start_time":"1059.13","end_time":"1059.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1059.5","end_time":"1059.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"skyrocket"}],"start_time":"1059.699","end_time":"1060.329"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1061.079","end_time":"1061.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1061.3","end_time":"1061.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"1061.349","end_time":"1061.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1061.579","end_time":"1061.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1061.599","end_time":"1062.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1062.069","end_time":"1062.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lessons"}],"start_time":"1062.199","end_time":"1062.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1062.66","end_time":"1062.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1062.829","end_time":"1063.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneurs"}],"start_time":"1063.28","end_time":"1063.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"young"}],"start_time":"1063.81","end_time":"1064.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1064.079","end_time":"1064.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneurs"}],"start_time":"1064.28","end_time":"1064.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1064.8","end_time":"1065.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"1065.01","end_time":"1065.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"1065.209","end_time":"1065.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"1065.5","end_time":"1065.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1065.81","end_time":"1066.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1066.27","end_time":"1066.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"1066.41","end_time":"1066.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1066.689","end_time":"1066.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1066.819","end_time":"1066.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"1066.91","end_time":"1067.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1067.25","end_time":"1067.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1067.339","end_time":"1067.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1067.43","end_time":"1067.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Here"}],"start_time":"1068.109","end_time":"1068.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1068.569","end_time":"1069.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1069.15","end_time":"1069.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1069.17","end_time":"1069.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1069.569","end_time":"1069.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1069.729","end_time":"1069.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1069.78","end_time":"1069.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"dreams"}],"start_time":"1069.9","end_time":"1070.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1070.27","end_time":"1070.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"1070.51","end_time":"1070.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1070.77","end_time":"1070.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1070.88","end_time":"1070.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1070.959","end_time":"1071.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"1071.25","end_time":"1071.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"well"}],"start_time":"1071.4","end_time":"1071.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1071.859","end_time":"1072.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1072.079","end_time":"1072.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1072.099","end_time":"1072.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1072.359","end_time":"1072.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.713","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1072.469","end_time":"1072.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.42","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1072.5","end_time":"1072.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"educated"}],"start_time":"1072.569","end_time":"1073.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1073.39","end_time":"1073.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1073.479","end_time":"1073.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"aspect"}],"start_time":"1074.16","end_time":"1075.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1075.02","end_time":"1075.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"1075.079","end_time":"1075.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1075.349","end_time":"1075.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1075.479","end_time":"1075.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1075.589","end_time":"1075.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"built"}],"start_time":"1075.719","end_time":"1075.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"1076.0","end_time":"1076.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1076.109","end_time":"1076.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1076.38","end_time":"1076.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1076.43","end_time":"1076.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1076.829","end_time":"1077.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1077.3","end_time":"1077.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1077.38","end_time":"1077.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ensure"}],"start_time":"1077.479","end_time":"1078.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1078.079","end_time":"1078.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"1078.219","end_time":"1078.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"sitting"}],"start_time":"1078.589","end_time":"1078.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1078.839","end_time":"1078.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Britain"}],"start_time":"1078.9","end_time":"1079.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1079.79","end_time":"1080.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Nigeria"}],"start_time":"1080.06","end_time":"1081.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1081.01","end_time":"1081.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Brazil"}],"start_time":"1081.14","end_time":"1081.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1081.719","end_time":"1081.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"1081.9","end_time":"1082.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"use"}],"start_time":"1082.219","end_time":"1082.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1082.569","end_time":"1082.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"1082.729","end_time":"1083.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1083.619","end_time":"1083.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1083.91","end_time":"1084.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"1084.26","end_time":"1084.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1084.39","end_time":"1084.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1084.829","end_time":"1084.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expansion"}],"start_time":"1084.869","end_time":"1085.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"outside"}],"start_time":"1085.51","end_time":"1085.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1085.859","end_time":"1086.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"own"}],"start_time":"1086.099","end_time":"1086.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1086.189","end_time":"1086.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"right"}],"start_time":"1086.579","end_time":"1086.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1086.849","end_time":"1087.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1087.27","end_time":"1087.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1087.869","end_time":"1087.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1087.9","end_time":"1088.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1088.089","end_time":"1088.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.754","content":"Belgians"}],"start_time":"1088.16","end_time":"1088.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"1088.55","end_time":"1088.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1088.969","end_time":"1089.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"1089.05","end_time":"1089.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.517","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1089.42","end_time":"1089.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.718","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"1089.569","end_time":"1089.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1089.66","end_time":"1089.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.635","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1089.8","end_time":"1089.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.657","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1089.839","end_time":"1089.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1089.989","end_time":"1090.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1090.77","end_time":"1091.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"by"}],"start_time":"1091.04","end_time":"1091.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"nature"}],"start_time":"1091.27","end_time":"1091.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1091.719","end_time":"1091.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1091.88","end_time":"1091.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1091.91","end_time":"1092.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1092.099","end_time":"1092.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1092.16","end_time":"1092.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1092.26","end_time":"1092.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1092.66","end_time":"1092.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.829","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1092.76","end_time":"1092.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"re"}],"start_time":"1092.78","end_time":"1092.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"forced"}],"start_time":"1092.859","end_time":"1093.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1093.239","end_time":"1093.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"export"}],"start_time":"1093.319","end_time":"1093.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1094.26","end_time":"1094.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1094.63","end_time":"1094.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1094.68","end_time":"1095.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1095.14","end_time":"1095.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"1095.26","end_time":"1095.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1096.099","end_time":"1096.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1096.76","end_time":"1096.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1096.93","end_time":"1097.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1097.16","end_time":"1097.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1097.31","end_time":"1097.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.674","content":"SA"}],"start_time":"1097.449","end_time":"1097.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1097.63","end_time":"1097.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"1097.67","end_time":"1097.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1097.969","end_time":"1098.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1098.02","end_time":"1098.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1098.319","end_time":"1098.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1098.569","end_time":"1098.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1098.66","end_time":"1098.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"1098.77","end_time":"1099.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1099.069","end_time":"1099.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1099.089","end_time":"1099.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"1099.319","end_time":"1099.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"incentive"}],"start_time":"1099.689","end_time":"1100.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1100.089","end_time":"1100.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"export"}],"start_time":"1100.16","end_time":"1100.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1101.04","end_time":"1101.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.792","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1101.199","end_time":"1101.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1101.42","end_time":"1101.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1101.9","end_time":"1102.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"1102.05","end_time":"1102.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1102.52","end_time":"1102.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1102.719","end_time":"1103.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1103.14","end_time":"1103.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1103.439","end_time":"1103.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1103.55","end_time":"1103.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1103.839","end_time":"1104.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"The"}],"start_time":"1104.589","end_time":"1104.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"1104.76","end_time":"1105.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1105.14","end_time":"1105.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1105.219","end_time":"1105.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"works"}],"start_time":"1105.31","end_time":"1105.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1105.689","end_time":"1105.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1105.859","end_time":"1106.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1106.04","end_time":"1106.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1106.17","end_time":"1106.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1106.239","end_time":"1106.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1107.04","end_time":"1107.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1107.17","end_time":"1107.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1107.51","end_time":"1107.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1107.719","end_time":"1107.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1107.869","end_time":"1107.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1107.989","end_time":"1108.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1108.04","end_time":"1108.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966666666666667","content":"CRM"}],"start_time":"1108.27","end_time":"1108.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1108.65","end_time":"1108.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1108.8","end_time":"1108.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1108.9","end_time":"1108.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"modern"}],"start_time":"1108.92","end_time":"1109.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1109.319","end_time":"1109.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"builder"}],"start_time":"1109.67","end_time":"1110.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1110.03","end_time":"1110.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1110.15","end_time":"1110.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1110.43","end_time":"1110.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"1110.64","end_time":"1110.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wordpress"}],"start_time":"1110.78","end_time":"1111.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1111.489","end_time":"1112.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1112.16","end_time":"1112.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1112.839","end_time":"1112.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1113.04","end_time":"1113.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Shopify"}],"start_time":"1113.25","end_time":"1113.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1114.199","end_time":"1114.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1114.27","end_time":"1114.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1114.63","end_time":"1114.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1114.719","end_time":"1114.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1114.949","end_time":"1114.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1114.989","end_time":"1115.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"took"}],"start_time":"1115.25","end_time":"1115.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.746","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1115.469","end_time":"1115.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"20"}],"start_time":"1115.53","end_time":"1115.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"1115.939","end_time":"1116.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1116.349","end_time":"1116.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"once"}],"start_time":"1116.589","end_time":"1116.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1116.91","end_time":"1117.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1117.01","end_time":"1117.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1117.17","end_time":"1117.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1117.27","end_time":"1117.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1117.959","end_time":"1118.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1118.479","end_time":"1118.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1118.569","end_time":"1118.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"compound"}],"start_time":"1118.81","end_time":"1119.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"interest"}],"start_time":"1119.199","end_time":"1119.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1119.969","end_time":"1120.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1120.189","end_time":"1120.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1120.489","end_time":"1120.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1120.589","end_time":"1120.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1120.689","end_time":"1120.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.662","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1120.93","end_time":"1121.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1121.02","end_time":"1121.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1121.119","end_time":"1121.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everywhere"}],"start_time":"1121.27","end_time":"1121.67"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1121.68","end_time":"1121.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"gets"}],"start_time":"1121.75","end_time":"1121.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1121.949","end_time":"1122.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1122.3","end_time":"1122.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1122.42","end_time":"1122.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1122.699","end_time":"1122.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1122.78","end_time":"1123.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1123.54","end_time":"1124.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1124.03","end_time":"1124.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"revenue"}],"start_time":"1124.199","end_time":"1124.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1124.51","end_time":"1124.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1124.699","end_time":"1124.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"1124.829","end_time":"1125.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1125.02","end_time":"1125.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1125.189","end_time":"1125.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"increase"}],"start_time":"1125.52","end_time":"1126.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"exponentially"}],"start_time":"1127.31","end_time":"1127.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"based"}],"start_time":"1127.91","end_time":"1128.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1128.14","end_time":"1128.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1128.25","end_time":"1128.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1128.4","end_time":"1128.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1128.489","end_time":"1128.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1129.219","end_time":"1129.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1129.51","end_time":"1130.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1130.06","end_time":"1130.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"creating"}],"start_time":"1130.079","end_time":"1130.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1130.41","end_time":"1130.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"1130.43","end_time":"1130.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"asset"}],"start_time":"1130.939","end_time":"1131.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1131.359","end_time":"1131.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1131.599","end_time":"1131.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"joining"}],"start_time":"1131.719","end_time":"1132.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1132.109","end_time":"1132.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1132.329","end_time":"1132.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1132.439","end_time":"1132.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"revenue"}],"start_time":"1132.619","end_time":"1132.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"over"}],"start_time":"1132.88","end_time":"1133.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1133.06","end_time":"1133.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"1133.15","end_time":"1133.579"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1133.75","end_time":"1134.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1134.16","end_time":"1134.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"takes"}],"start_time":"1134.369","end_time":"1134.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1134.55","end_time":"1134.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1135.28","end_time":"1135.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"takes"}],"start_time":"1135.65","end_time":"1136.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.903","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1136.05","end_time":"1136.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1136.069","end_time":"1136.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1136.459","end_time":"1136.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1136.56","end_time":"1136.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1136.829","end_time":"1137.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1137.18","end_time":"1137.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"order"}],"start_time":"1137.26","end_time":"1137.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1137.479","end_time":"1137.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1137.599","end_time":"1137.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1137.75","end_time":"1137.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1137.819","end_time":"1138.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1138.63","end_time":"1139.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1139.709","end_time":"1140.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1140.38","end_time":"1140.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1140.55","end_time":"1140.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1140.66","end_time":"1140.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1140.839","end_time":"1141.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"1141.089","end_time":"1141.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1141.729","end_time":"1141.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"1141.839","end_time":"1142.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1142.05","end_time":"1142.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"1142.16","end_time":"1142.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"1143.089","end_time":"1143.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1143.66","end_time":"1143.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1143.699","end_time":"1143.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1143.989","end_time":"1144.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1144.589","end_time":"1144.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1144.699","end_time":"1145.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1145.01","end_time":"1145.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1145.239","end_time":"1145.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1145.359","end_time":"1145.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"1145.579","end_time":"1145.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1145.849","end_time":"1146.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1146.67","end_time":"1146.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1146.92","end_time":"1146.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1146.969","end_time":"1147.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"property"}],"start_time":"1147.06","end_time":"1147.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1147.54","end_time":"1147.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1147.939","end_time":"1148.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1148.079","end_time":"1148.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"1148.199","end_time":"1148.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1148.43","end_time":"1148.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1148.52","end_time":"1148.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1148.819","end_time":"1148.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.891","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1148.939","end_time":"1148.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"license"}],"start_time":"1148.959","end_time":"1149.579"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1149.939","end_time":"1150.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1150.119","end_time":"1150.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1150.28","end_time":"1150.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1150.489","end_time":"1150.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1150.51","end_time":"1150.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1150.709","end_time":"1150.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"competitors"}],"start_time":"1150.8","end_time":"1151.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1152.39","end_time":"1152.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1152.66","end_time":"1152.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1152.699","end_time":"1152.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1152.869","end_time":"1153.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1153.04","end_time":"1153.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"differentiate"}],"start_time":"1153.25","end_time":"1153.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"themselves"}],"start_time":"1153.78","end_time":"1154.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Open"}],"start_time":"1154.599","end_time":"1155.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1155.069","end_time":"1155.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1155.54","end_time":"1155.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1155.719","end_time":"1155.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1155.939","end_time":"1155.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"transparent"}],"start_time":"1155.959","end_time":"1156.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1156.569","end_time":"1157.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1157.489","end_time":"1158.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1158.14","end_time":"1158.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1158.42","end_time":"1158.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1158.78","end_time":"1159.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1159.16","end_time":"1159.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1159.329","end_time":"1159.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"1159.939","end_time":"1160.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1160.41","end_time":"1160.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"test"}],"start_time":"1160.569","end_time":"1160.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"1160.849","end_time":"1161.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"buying"}],"start_time":"1161.16","end_time":"1161.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1161.68","end_time":"1161.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1161.88","end_time":"1162.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"test"}],"start_time":"1162.04","end_time":"1162.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1162.349","end_time":"1162.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"play"}],"start_time":"1162.42","end_time":"1162.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1162.66","end_time":"1162.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1162.859","end_time":"1163.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1163.17","end_time":"1163.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1163.42","end_time":"1163.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"1163.5","end_time":"1163.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1163.939","end_time":"1164.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"1164.069","end_time":"1164.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1164.31","end_time":"1164.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1164.38","end_time":"1164.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"1164.66","end_time":"1165.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1165.599","end_time":"1166.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1166.05","end_time":"1166.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1166.18","end_time":"1166.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1166.26","end_time":"1166.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1166.569","end_time":"1166.92"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1166.93","end_time":"1167.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1167.099","end_time":"1167.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"winner"}],"start_time":"1167.119","end_time":"1167.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"Take"}],"start_time":"1167.77","end_time":"1168.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.445","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1168.089","end_time":"1168.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1168.18","end_time":"1168.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1168.939","end_time":"1169.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1169.209","end_time":"1169.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1169.349","end_time":"1169.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"winner"}],"start_time":"1169.64","end_time":"1170.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1170.349","end_time":"1170.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"no"}],"start_time":"1170.56","end_time":"1170.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"second"}],"start_time":"1170.66","end_time":"1170.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"player"}],"start_time":"1170.979","end_time":"1171.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1172.14","end_time":"1172.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1172.39","end_time":"1172.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1172.54","end_time":"1172.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1172.699","end_time":"1172.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"1173.0","end_time":"1173.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1173.369","end_time":"1173.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1173.819","end_time":"1174.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"requires"}],"start_time":"1174.06","end_time":"1174.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1174.979","end_time":"1175.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1175.18","end_time":"1175.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1175.319","end_time":"1175.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"invest"}],"start_time":"1175.479","end_time":"1175.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1175.81","end_time":"1175.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1175.829","end_time":"1176.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1176.219","end_time":"1176.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"research"}],"start_time":"1176.3","end_time":"1176.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1176.709","end_time":"1176.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"development"}],"start_time":"1176.81","end_time":"1177.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"um"}],"start_time":"1177.939","end_time":"1178.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1178.53","end_time":"1178.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"order"}],"start_time":"1178.65","end_time":"1178.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1178.9","end_time":"1178.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"1179.0","end_time":"1179.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1179.25","end_time":"1179.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1179.339","end_time":"1179.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"1179.619","end_time":"1180.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1180.14","end_time":"1180.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"1180.439","end_time":"1180.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1180.819","end_time":"1181.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1181.06","end_time":"1181.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1181.27","end_time":"1181.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1181.43","end_time":"1181.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1181.939","end_time":"1182.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1182.06","end_time":"1182.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1182.38","end_time":"1182.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1182.54","end_time":"1182.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1182.579","end_time":"1182.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1183.369","end_time":"1183.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"1183.819","end_time":"1184.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"amounts"}],"start_time":"1184.479","end_time":"1184.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1185.13","end_time":"1185.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"once"}],"start_time":"1185.3","end_time":"1185.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1185.56","end_time":"1185.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"once"}],"start_time":"1185.8","end_time":"1186.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1186.15","end_time":"1186.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1186.239","end_time":"1186.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1186.31","end_time":"1186.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"number"}],"start_time":"1186.4","end_time":"1186.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1186.67","end_time":"1186.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1186.819","end_time":"1186.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1186.93","end_time":"1187.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1187.089","end_time":"1187.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.751","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1187.27","end_time":"1187.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.078","content":"consolidation"}],"start_time":"1187.29","end_time":"1187.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1187.79","end_time":"1188.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"effect"}],"start_time":"1188.13","end_time":"1188.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"1188.4","end_time":"1188.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"1188.579","end_time":"1189.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"looks"}],"start_time":"1189.219","end_time":"1189.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1189.469","end_time":"1189.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1189.569","end_time":"1189.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1189.729","end_time":"1189.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1189.839","end_time":"1189.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"grow"}],"start_time":"1189.88","end_time":"1190.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"faster"}],"start_time":"1190.109","end_time":"1190.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1190.55","end_time":"1190.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1190.819","end_time":"1190.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"further"}],"start_time":"1190.869","end_time":"1191.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1191.369","end_time":"1191.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"consolidation"}],"start_time":"1191.51","end_time":"1192.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1192.4","end_time":"1192.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1192.64","end_time":"1193.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"profits"}],"start_time":"1193.04","end_time":"1193.869"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1194.13","end_time":"1194.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"basically"}],"start_time":"1194.349","end_time":"1194.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1194.829","end_time":"1194.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1194.979","end_time":"1195.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"play"}],"start_time":"1195.03","end_time":"1195.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1195.16","end_time":"1195.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"numbers"}],"start_time":"1195.18","end_time":"1195.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"game"}],"start_time":"1195.63","end_time":"1195.849"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1195.859","end_time":"1195.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1195.93","end_time":"1196.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1196.119","end_time":"1196.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1196.41","end_time":"1196.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1196.51","end_time":"1196.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1196.67","end_time":"1196.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1196.989","end_time":"1197.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"use"}],"start_time":"1197.04","end_time":"1197.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1197.339","end_time":"1197.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1197.489","end_time":"1197.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Of"}],"start_time":"1197.66","end_time":"1197.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"course"}],"start_time":"1197.77","end_time":"1198.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1198.359","end_time":"1198.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1198.54","end_time":"1198.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1198.79","end_time":"1199.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1199.05","end_time":"1199.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.833","content":"core"}],"start_time":"1199.469","end_time":"1199.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"model"}],"start_time":"1199.75","end_time":"1200.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1200.229","end_time":"1200.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"1200.25","end_time":"1200.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"charge"}],"start_time":"1200.619","end_time":"1200.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"1200.979","end_time":"1201.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1201.119","end_time":"1201.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"1201.359","end_time":"1201.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1201.53","end_time":"1201.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"1201.689","end_time":"1202.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1202.16","end_time":"1202.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1202.359","end_time":"1202.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1202.439","end_time":"1202.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1202.719","end_time":"1202.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1202.76","end_time":"1203.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"er"}],"start_time":"1203.17","end_time":"1203.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6910000000000001","content":"PS"}],"start_time":"1203.369","end_time":"1203.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1203.65","end_time":"1203.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Microsoft"}],"start_time":"1203.88","end_time":"1204.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Dynamics"}],"start_time":"1204.449","end_time":"1205.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1205.439","end_time":"1205.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8476666666666667","content":"SCP"}],"start_time":"1205.459","end_time":"1206.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"ORAC"}],"start_time":"1206.839","end_time":"1207.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"netsuite"}],"start_time":"1207.359","end_time":"1207.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1207.8","end_time":"1207.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"charge"}],"start_time":"1207.939","end_time":"1208.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1208.329","end_time":"1208.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1208.349","end_time":"1208.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1208.64","end_time":"1208.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9390000000000001","content":"$180"}],"start_time":"1208.88","end_time":"1209.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1209.92","end_time":"1210.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"user"}],"start_time":"1210.119","end_time":"1210.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1210.38","end_time":"1210.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"month"}],"start_time":"1210.52","end_time":"1210.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1211.229","end_time":"1211.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1211.459","end_time":"1211.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1211.66","end_time":"1211.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1211.91","end_time":"1212.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"charge"}],"start_time":"1212.01","end_time":"1212.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1212.339","end_time":"1212.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1212.42","end_time":"1212.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"full"}],"start_time":"1212.51","end_time":"1212.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"amount"}],"start_time":"1212.699","end_time":"1212.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1212.949","end_time":"1213.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1213.02","end_time":"1213.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1213.14","end_time":"1213.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1213.959","end_time":"1214.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1214.27","end_time":"1214.329"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1214.339","end_time":"1214.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"1214.449","end_time":"1214.849"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1214.859","end_time":"1214.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1214.969","end_time":"1215.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"80%"}],"start_time":"1215.099","end_time":"1215.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1215.68","end_time":"1215.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1215.869","end_time":"1215.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1215.939","end_time":"1216.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1216.229","end_time":"1216.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1216.619","end_time":"1216.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"1216.78","end_time":"1217.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984999999999999","content":"20%"}],"start_time":"1217.27","end_time":"1217.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1217.93","end_time":"1218.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1218.14","end_time":"1218.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"proprietary"}],"start_time":"1218.219","end_time":"1218.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1219.109","end_time":"1219.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1219.359","end_time":"1219.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1219.489","end_time":"1219.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"charge"}],"start_time":"1219.579","end_time":"1219.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1219.9","end_time":"1219.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"full"}],"start_time":"1219.969","end_time":"1220.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"amount"}],"start_time":"1220.14","end_time":"1220.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1220.42","end_time":"1220.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1220.67","end_time":"1220.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1220.75","end_time":"1220.849"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"oh"}],"start_time":"1220.859","end_time":"1220.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1220.979","end_time":"1221.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"20%"}],"start_time":"1221.349","end_time":"1221.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"less"}],"start_time":"1221.859","end_time":"1222.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1222.489","end_time":"1222.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1222.579","end_time":"1222.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1222.869","end_time":"1223.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1223.02","end_time":"1223.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1223.349","end_time":"1223.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1223.459","end_time":"1223.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1223.8","end_time":"1224.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1224.099","end_time":"1224.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"1224.13","end_time":"1224.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1224.52","end_time":"1224.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1224.949","end_time":"1225.329"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Our"}],"start_time":"1225.43","end_time":"1225.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"main"}],"start_time":"1225.579","end_time":"1225.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"competitors"}],"start_time":"1225.9","end_time":"1226.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1226.54","end_time":"1226.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"1226.739","end_time":"1227.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.869","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1227.38","end_time":"1227.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1227.579","end_time":"1227.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1227.609","end_time":"1228.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"source"}],"start_time":"1228.03","end_time":"1228.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"1228.27","end_time":"1228.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1229.06","end_time":"1229.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1229.38","end_time":"1229.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1229.63","end_time":"1229.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1229.91","end_time":"1229.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"charge"}],"start_time":"1230.0","end_time":"1230.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1230.489","end_time":"1230.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984999999999999","content":"1/5"}],"start_time":"1230.729","end_time":"1231.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1231.42","end_time":"1231.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1231.88","end_time":"1232.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"1232.119","end_time":"1232.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1232.3","end_time":"1232.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1232.579","end_time":"1232.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1232.719","end_time":"1232.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1232.75","end_time":"1232.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"1232.969","end_time":"1233.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"charge"}],"start_time":"1233.15","end_time":"1233.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1233.55","end_time":"1233.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"1233.569","end_time":"1233.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"layer"}],"start_time":"1233.959","end_time":"1234.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1234.199","end_time":"1234.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1234.42","end_time":"1234.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1234.52","end_time":"1234.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.516","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1234.689","end_time":"1235.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1235.599","end_time":"1235.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"means"}],"start_time":"1235.9","end_time":"1236.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1236.239","end_time":"1236.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1236.38","end_time":"1236.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1236.479","end_time":"1236.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"compensate"}],"start_time":"1236.54","end_time":"1237.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1237.02","end_time":"1237.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1237.18","end_time":"1237.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"volumes"}],"start_time":"1237.42","end_time":"1238.079"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1239.28","end_time":"1239.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1239.55","end_time":"1239.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"1239.67","end_time":"1240.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"partly"}],"start_time":"1240.01","end_time":"1240.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1240.459","end_time":"1240.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1240.719","end_time":"1241.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1241.52","end_time":"1242.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"no"}],"start_time":"1242.92","end_time":"1243.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1243.56","end_time":"1243.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"1243.78","end_time":"1244.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1244.64","end_time":"1245.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1245.079","end_time":"1245.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"1245.479","end_time":"1245.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1245.8","end_time":"1245.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"no"}],"start_time":"1245.92","end_time":"1246.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1246.359","end_time":"1246.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1246.56","end_time":"1246.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"1246.619","end_time":"1246.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1246.959","end_time":"1247.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1247.069","end_time":"1247.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"1247.26","end_time":"1247.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1247.53","end_time":"1247.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"rule"}],"start_time":"1247.709","end_time":"1248.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1248.02","end_time":"1248.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1248.13","end_time":"1248.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1248.449","end_time":"1248.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1248.66","end_time":"1248.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"1248.77","end_time":"1249.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1249.079","end_time":"1249.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1249.229","end_time":"1249.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"1249.41","end_time":"1249.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"1250.06","end_time":"1250.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1250.719","end_time":"1251.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1251.119","end_time":"1251.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1251.38","end_time":"1251.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1251.719","end_time":"1251.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1251.88","end_time":"1252.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"provider"}],"start_time":"1252.25","end_time":"1252.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1252.689","end_time":"1252.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1252.849","end_time":"1252.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1252.92","end_time":"1253.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1253.77","end_time":"1254.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1254.01","end_time":"1254.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"local"}],"start_time":"1254.119","end_time":"1254.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1254.439","end_time":"1254.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1254.839","end_time":"1254.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1254.88","end_time":"1255.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1255.079","end_time":"1255.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"1255.26","end_time":"1255.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1256.0","end_time":"1256.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1256.319","end_time":"1256.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"only"}],"start_time":"1256.51","end_time":"1256.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1256.79","end_time":"1256.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"1256.81","end_time":"1257.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"users"}],"start_time":"1257.04","end_time":"1257.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1257.949","end_time":"1258.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1258.16","end_time":"1258.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1258.28","end_time":"1258.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"1258.52","end_time":"1259.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"development"}],"start_time":"1259.16","end_time":"1259.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"services"}],"start_time":"1259.609","end_time":"1260.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1260.119","end_time":"1260.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1260.3","end_time":"1260.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1260.569","end_time":"1260.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"1260.599","end_time":"1261.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1261.079","end_time":"1261.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"around"}],"start_time":"1261.209","end_time":"1261.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1261.489","end_time":"1261.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1261.55","end_time":"1261.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1261.78","end_time":"1262.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1262.339","end_time":"1262.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"1262.38","end_time":"1262.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1262.81","end_time":"1262.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1262.869","end_time":"1262.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"US"}],"start_time":"1262.949","end_time":"1263.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1263.13","end_time":"1263.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1263.27","end_time":"1263.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lacking"}],"start_time":"1263.319","end_time":"1263.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"1263.66","end_time":"1264.329"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1264.52","end_time":"1264.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1264.729","end_time":"1264.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1264.88","end_time":"1265.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1265.03","end_time":"1265.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"subcontracting"}],"start_time":"1265.239","end_time":"1265.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1265.969","end_time":"1266.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1266.16","end_time":"1266.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.855","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"1266.42","end_time":"1266.92"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1267.089","end_time":"1267.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1267.3","end_time":"1267.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1267.9","end_time":"1267.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1267.939","end_time":"1268.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"beginning"}],"start_time":"1268.109","end_time":"1268.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"helped"}],"start_time":"1268.39","end_time":"1268.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1268.699","end_time":"1268.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1268.849","end_time":"1268.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1268.869","end_time":"1269.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1269.119","end_time":"1269.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"provide"}],"start_time":"1269.359","end_time":"1269.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"services"}],"start_time":"1269.719","end_time":"1270.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1270.17","end_time":"1270.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"couldn't"}],"start_time":"1270.3","end_time":"1270.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"afford"}],"start_time":"1270.599","end_time":"1270.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1270.949","end_time":"1271.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1271.069","end_time":"1271.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"1271.27","end_time":"1271.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"1271.4","end_time":"1271.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"1272.109","end_time":"1272.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1272.439","end_time":"1272.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"1272.52","end_time":"1273.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"since"}],"start_time":"1273.31","end_time":"1273.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1273.68","end_time":"1273.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1273.839","end_time":"1274.079"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1274.089","end_time":"1274.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1274.26","end_time":"1274.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"1274.3","end_time":"1274.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1274.56","end_time":"1274.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1274.689","end_time":"1274.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"came"}],"start_time":"1274.75","end_time":"1274.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"1274.989","end_time":"1275.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1275.77","end_time":"1276.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.819","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1276.579","end_time":"1276.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1276.949","end_time":"1276.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"main"}],"start_time":"1276.979","end_time":"1277.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"1277.42","end_time":"1277.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1277.88","end_time":"1278.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1278.14","end_time":"1278.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"local"}],"start_time":"1278.319","end_time":"1278.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1278.76","end_time":"1279.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1279.53","end_time":"1279.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.623","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"1279.819","end_time":"1280.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1280.079","end_time":"1280.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"old"}],"start_time":"1280.449","end_time":"1280.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"school"}],"start_time":"1280.839","end_time":"1281.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1281.219","end_time":"1281.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1281.579","end_time":"1281.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.488","content":"Telly"}],"start_time":"1281.78","end_time":"1282.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1282.18","end_time":"1282.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1282.489","end_time":"1282.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1282.77","end_time":"1282.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1282.969","end_time":"1283.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"modern"}],"start_time":"1283.199","end_time":"1283.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1283.53","end_time":"1283.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"replace"}],"start_time":"1283.599","end_time":"1284.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1284.31","end_time":"1284.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1284.579","end_time":"1284.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"local"}],"start_time":"1284.93","end_time":"1285.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1285.3","end_time":"1285.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1285.619","end_time":"1285.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1285.729","end_time":"1285.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"1285.93","end_time":"1286.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fast"}],"start_time":"1286.329","end_time":"1286.92"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1286.939","end_time":"1287.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1287.189","end_time":"1287.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"since"}],"start_time":"1287.41","end_time":"1287.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1287.689","end_time":"1287.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1287.859","end_time":"1288.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1288.01","end_time":"1288.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"decided"}],"start_time":"1288.13","end_time":"1288.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"1288.53","end_time":"1288.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1288.689","end_time":"1288.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1288.849","end_time":"1289.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1289.01","end_time":"1289.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1289.29","end_time":"1289.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"1289.4","end_time":"1289.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1289.849","end_time":"1290.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"1290.15","end_time":"1290.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1290.65","end_time":"1291.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"two"}],"start_time":"1291.119","end_time":"1291.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1291.359","end_time":"1291.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1291.729","end_time":"1292.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1292.39","end_time":"1292.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"Rupees"}],"start_time":"1292.469","end_time":"1292.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"1292.89","end_time":"1293.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1293.01","end_time":"1293.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"does"}],"start_time":"1293.27","end_time":"1293.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1293.5","end_time":"1293.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1294.18","end_time":"1294.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1294.219","end_time":"1294.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1294.81","end_time":"1294.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1294.969","end_time":"1295.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"1295.41","end_time":"1295.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1295.619","end_time":"1295.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"1295.719","end_time":"1295.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Is"}],"start_time":"1295.979","end_time":"1296.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1296.05","end_time":"1296.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1296.209","end_time":"1296.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"app"}],"start_time":"1296.41","end_time":"1296.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1296.54","end_time":"1296.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1296.66","end_time":"1297.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1297.449","end_time":"1297.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1297.67","end_time":"1297.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1297.739","end_time":"1297.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1297.939","end_time":"1297.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1297.959","end_time":"1298.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1298.41","end_time":"1298.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"forever"}],"start_time":"1298.8","end_time":"1299.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"unlimited"}],"start_time":"1299.54","end_time":"1300.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"users"}],"start_time":"1300.06","end_time":"1300.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1300.55","end_time":"1300.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"domain"}],"start_time":"1300.699","end_time":"1300.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"name"}],"start_time":"1300.989","end_time":"1301.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1301.14","end_time":"1301.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1301.43","end_time":"1301.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1302.4","end_time":"1302.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1302.53","end_time":"1302.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ac"}],"start_time":"1302.76","end_time":"1302.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9315","content":"RM"}],"start_time":"1302.989","end_time":"1303.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1303.27","end_time":"1303.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1303.79","end_time":"1303.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1303.969","end_time":"1304.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1304.29","end_time":"1304.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"1304.369","end_time":"1304.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1304.829","end_time":"1305.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1305.25","end_time":"1305.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1305.989","end_time":"1306.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1306.209","end_time":"1306.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1306.5","end_time":"1307.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"electronic"}],"start_time":"1307.619","end_time":"1308.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"signature"}],"start_time":"1308.13","end_time":"1308.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1308.449","end_time":"1308.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sign"}],"start_time":"1308.859","end_time":"1309.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1309.38","end_time":"1309.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"1309.56","end_time":"1310.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1310.14","end_time":"1310.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1311.079","end_time":"1311.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1311.319","end_time":"1311.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1311.459","end_time":"1311.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1311.53","end_time":"1311.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1311.79","end_time":"1312.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"application"}],"start_time":"1312.099","end_time":"1312.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1312.66","end_time":"1312.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1312.91","end_time":"1312.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1312.949","end_time":"1313.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1313.329","end_time":"1313.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1313.41","end_time":"1314.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1314.03","end_time":"1314.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"1314.14","end_time":"1314.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1314.579","end_time":"1314.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1314.869","end_time":"1315.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1315.02","end_time":"1315.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"application"}],"start_time":"1315.099","end_time":"1315.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.831","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1315.56","end_time":"1315.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1315.699","end_time":"1316.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1316.469","end_time":"1316.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1316.709","end_time":"1316.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"80"}],"start_time":"1316.859","end_time":"1317.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"1317.18","end_time":"1317.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.891","content":"applications"}],"start_time":"1317.459","end_time":"1317.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1317.9","end_time":"1318.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"run"}],"start_time":"1318.01","end_time":"1318.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1318.209","end_time":"1318.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"whole"}],"start_time":"1318.369","end_time":"1318.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1318.51","end_time":"1319.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1319.25","end_time":"1319.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"5"}],"start_time":"1319.599","end_time":"1319.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"₹80"}],"start_time":"1319.9","end_time":"1320.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1320.52","end_time":"1320.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"month"}],"start_time":"1320.68","end_time":"1320.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1321.349","end_time":"1321.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1321.689","end_time":"1321.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1322.109","end_time":"1322.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"5"}],"start_time":"1322.329","end_time":"1322.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"₹80"}],"start_time":"1322.54","end_time":"1323.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1323.079","end_time":"1323.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"month"}],"start_time":"1323.319","end_time":"1323.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1323.619","end_time":"1323.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"user"}],"start_time":"1323.829","end_time":"1324.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1324.29","end_time":"1324.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"1325.979","end_time":"1326.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.571","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1326.17","end_time":"1326.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.797","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1326.489","end_time":"1326.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"cheap"}],"start_time":"1326.569","end_time":"1326.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1326.719","end_time":"1326.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9490000000000001","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1326.829","end_time":"1326.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1326.959","end_time":"1326.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1326.979","end_time":"1327.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1327.349","end_time":"1327.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"many"}],"start_time":"1327.459","end_time":"1327.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"users"}],"start_time":"1327.68","end_time":"1328.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.751","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1328.06","end_time":"1328.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.491","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1328.239","end_time":"1328.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"depends"}],"start_time":"1328.26","end_time":"1328.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1329.0","end_time":"1329.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1329.079","end_time":"1329.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1329.16","end_time":"1329.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1329.54","end_time":"1329.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"1329.589","end_time":"1329.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1329.76","end_time":"1329.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1329.92","end_time":"1329.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1329.939","end_time":"1330.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1330.329","end_time":"1330.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"50"}],"start_time":"1330.39","end_time":"1330.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1330.77","end_time":"1331.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"10"}],"start_time":"1331.5","end_time":"1331.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"users"}],"start_time":"1331.869","end_time":"1332.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1333.65","end_time":"1333.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"1/5"}],"start_time":"1333.91","end_time":"1334.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1334.319","end_time":"1334.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1334.489","end_time":"1334.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1334.589","end_time":"1334.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1334.91","end_time":"1335.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1335.069","end_time":"1335.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1335.29","end_time":"1335.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1335.39","end_time":"1335.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1335.56","end_time":"1335.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"1335.609","end_time":"1335.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"1336.5","end_time":"1336.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1336.739","end_time":"1337.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"5"}],"start_time":"1337.14","end_time":"1337.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9065","content":"₹80"}],"start_time":"1337.76","end_time":"1338.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1338.329","end_time":"1338.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"1339.229","end_time":"1339.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1339.54","end_time":"1339.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"1339.719","end_time":"1340.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1340.05","end_time":"1340.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1340.13","end_time":"1340.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1340.28","end_time":"1340.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1340.369","end_time":"1340.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1340.589","end_time":"1340.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"What"}],"start_time":"1341.03","end_time":"1341.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"challenge"}],"start_time":"1341.17","end_time":"1341.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.687","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1341.609","end_time":"1341.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1341.66","end_time":"1341.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"facing"}],"start_time":"1341.689","end_time":"1342.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1342.229","end_time":"1342.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expanding"}],"start_time":"1342.43","end_time":"1342.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1343.0","end_time":"1343.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1343.099","end_time":"1343.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1343.189","end_time":"1343.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1343.959","end_time":"1344.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"1344.55","end_time":"1344.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"main"}],"start_time":"1344.709","end_time":"1344.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1344.979","end_time":"1345.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1345.13","end_time":"1345.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"1345.219","end_time":"1345.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1345.79","end_time":"1346.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"um"}],"start_time":"1346.31","end_time":"1347.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.778","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1347.16","end_time":"1347.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1347.39","end_time":"1348.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1348.989","end_time":"1349.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1349.25","end_time":"1349.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"known"}],"start_time":"1349.43","end_time":"1349.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"1349.75","end_time":"1349.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"1349.939","end_time":"1350.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1350.63","end_time":"1350.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1350.829","end_time":"1351.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1351.02","end_time":"1351.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1351.17","end_time":"1351.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"known"}],"start_time":"1351.43","end_time":"1351.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"1351.64","end_time":"1351.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"businessmen"}],"start_time":"1351.839","end_time":"1352.42"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1353.05","end_time":"1353.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.517","content":"although"}],"start_time":"1353.349","end_time":"1353.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.244","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1353.689","end_time":"1353.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1353.76","end_time":"1354.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1354.13","end_time":"1354.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1354.15","end_time":"1354.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1354.349","end_time":"1354.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"1354.43","end_time":"1354.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1354.819","end_time":"1354.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1354.859","end_time":"1355.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1355.28","end_time":"1355.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1355.68","end_time":"1356.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.564","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1356.18","end_time":"1356.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1356.31","end_time":"1356.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"using"}],"start_time":"1356.56","end_time":"1356.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1356.839","end_time":"1357.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"developer"}],"start_time":"1357.15","end_time":"1357.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1357.569","end_time":"1357.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"focusing"}],"start_time":"1357.709","end_time":"1358.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1358.079","end_time":"1358.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"1358.319","end_time":"1358.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1358.609","end_time":"1358.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"1358.8","end_time":"1359.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1360.319","end_time":"1360.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1360.959","end_time":"1361.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1361.219","end_time":"1361.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1361.479","end_time":"1361.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1361.8","end_time":"1362.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1362.15","end_time":"1362.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1362.339","end_time":"1362.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1362.43","end_time":"1362.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hey"}],"start_time":"1362.599","end_time":"1362.849"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1362.859","end_time":"1363.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1363.119","end_time":"1363.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1363.739","end_time":"1363.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1363.76","end_time":"1364.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1364.209","end_time":"1364.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"here"}],"start_time":"1364.319","end_time":"1364.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1364.68","end_time":"1364.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1364.78","end_time":"1364.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1364.939","end_time":"1364.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ready"}],"start_time":"1365.0","end_time":"1365.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1365.239","end_time":"1365.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"support"}],"start_time":"1365.339","end_time":"1365.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1365.77","end_time":"1365.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"serve"}],"start_time":"1365.88","end_time":"1366.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1366.18","end_time":"1366.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1366.89","end_time":"1367.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1367.16","end_time":"1367.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1367.439","end_time":"1367.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"other"}],"start_time":"1367.65","end_time":"1367.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1367.819","end_time":"1367.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1367.979","end_time":"1368.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1368.39","end_time":"1368.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1368.609","end_time":"1368.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1368.79","end_time":"1368.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"adapt"}],"start_time":"1368.92","end_time":"1369.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1369.16","end_time":"1369.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"1369.189","end_time":"1369.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1370.229","end_time":"1370.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1370.81","end_time":"1371.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1371.63","end_time":"1371.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1371.739","end_time":"1371.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"put"}],"start_time":"1371.81","end_time":"1372.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.697","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1372.04","end_time":"1372.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1372.06","end_time":"1372.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1372.369","end_time":"1372.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rupees"}],"start_time":"1372.439","end_time":"1372.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"decrease"}],"start_time":"1372.959","end_time":"1373.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1373.439","end_time":"1373.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1373.469","end_time":"1374.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1374.199","end_time":"1374.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1374.27","end_time":"1374.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"really"}],"start_time":"1374.589","end_time":"1374.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1374.869","end_time":"1375.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1375.119","end_time":"1375.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1375.339","end_time":"1375.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1375.52","end_time":"1375.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1375.54","end_time":"1375.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1375.77","end_time":"1375.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"1375.869","end_time":"1376.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1376.189","end_time":"1376.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"adapt"}],"start_time":"1376.359","end_time":"1376.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1376.599","end_time":"1376.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1376.75","end_time":"1376.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1376.839","end_time":"1377.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1377.119","end_time":"1377.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1378.27","end_time":"1379.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"1379.06","end_time":"1379.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1379.319","end_time":"1379.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1379.42","end_time":"1379.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1379.479","end_time":"1379.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"change"}],"start_time":"1379.56","end_time":"1379.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1379.819","end_time":"1379.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"1379.869","end_time":"1380.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1380.459","end_time":"1380.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1380.599","end_time":"1380.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"GST"}],"start_time":"1380.699","end_time":"1381.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"compliant"}],"start_time":"1381.099","end_time":"1381.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"T"}],"start_time":"1381.79","end_time":"1381.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.476","content":"DS"}],"start_time":"1381.92","end_time":"1382.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"T"}],"start_time":"1382.239","end_time":"1382.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.767","content":"CS"}],"start_time":"1382.43","end_time":"1383.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.736","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1384.16","end_time":"1384.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1384.29","end_time":"1384.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1384.31","end_time":"1384.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1384.66","end_time":"1384.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"1384.77","end_time":"1385.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1385.26","end_time":"1385.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1385.39","end_time":"1385.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"did"}],"start_time":"1385.52","end_time":"1385.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1385.67","end_time":"1385.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"last"}],"start_time":"1385.829","end_time":"1386.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1386.459","end_time":"1386.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1387.109","end_time":"1387.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1387.13","end_time":"1387.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.718","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"1387.78","end_time":"1388.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1388.069","end_time":"1388.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1388.31","end_time":"1388.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1388.43","end_time":"1389.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"needs"}],"start_time":"1389.02","end_time":"1389.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1390.67","end_time":"1390.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"1390.699","end_time":"1391.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1392.18","end_time":"1392.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9863333333333334","content":"MNC"}],"start_time":"1392.469","end_time":"1393.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"owner"}],"start_time":"1393.099","end_time":"1393.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1393.38","end_time":"1393.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1393.56","end_time":"1393.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"multinational"}],"start_time":"1393.579","end_time":"1394.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1394.4","end_time":"1394.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"owner"}],"start_time":"1394.819","end_time":"1395.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1395.38","end_time":"1395.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1395.689","end_time":"1395.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1395.77","end_time":"1395.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"1395.839","end_time":"1396.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"specifically"}],"start_time":"1396.06","end_time":"1396.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1396.65","end_time":"1396.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1396.959","end_time":"1397.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1397.069","end_time":"1397.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1397.349","end_time":"1397.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1398.219","end_time":"1398.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1398.66","end_time":"1398.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1398.939","end_time":"1399.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1399.28","end_time":"1399.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"sensitive"}],"start_time":"1399.579","end_time":"1400.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1400.829","end_time":"1400.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1400.969","end_time":"1401.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1401.319","end_time":"1401.38"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1401.39","end_time":"1401.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1401.569","end_time":"1401.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"1401.68","end_time":"1401.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1401.9","end_time":"1402.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1402.06","end_time":"1402.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"American"}],"start_time":"1402.14","end_time":"1402.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1403.03","end_time":"1403.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1403.229","end_time":"1403.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1403.38","end_time":"1403.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1403.719","end_time":"1403.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"1403.849","end_time":"1404.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1404.38","end_time":"1404.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1404.9","end_time":"1405.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1405.079","end_time":"1405.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1405.15","end_time":"1405.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"1405.29","end_time":"1405.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"whatever"}],"start_time":"1405.469","end_time":"1405.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1405.819","end_time":"1405.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1405.91","end_time":"1406.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1406.339","end_time":"1406.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1406.5","end_time":"1406.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1406.709","end_time":"1406.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1406.78","end_time":"1407.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"1407.14","end_time":"1407.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"clean"}],"start_time":"1407.859","end_time":"1408.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1408.28","end_time":"1408.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"In"}],"start_time":"1409.219","end_time":"1409.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1409.359","end_time":"1409.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"end"}],"start_time":"1409.54","end_time":"1409.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1409.65","end_time":"1409.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"1409.739","end_time":"1409.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1409.93","end_time":"1410.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1410.03","end_time":"1410.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"first"}],"start_time":"1410.329","end_time":"1410.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1410.709","end_time":"1410.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1410.91","end_time":"1411.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"does"}],"start_time":"1411.06","end_time":"1411.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1411.209","end_time":"1411.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1411.28","end_time":"1411.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"without"}],"start_time":"1411.819","end_time":"1412.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"having"}],"start_time":"1412.349","end_time":"1412.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"seen"}],"start_time":"1412.76","end_time":"1413.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1413.099","end_time":"1413.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1413.199","end_time":"1413.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1414.209","end_time":"1414.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1414.439","end_time":"1414.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1414.599","end_time":"1414.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1414.619","end_time":"1414.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1414.9","end_time":"1415.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"sensitive"}],"start_time":"1415.189","end_time":"1415.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1415.64","end_time":"1416.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1416.119","end_time":"1416.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1416.369","end_time":"1416.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.85","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1416.599","end_time":"1417.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1417.119","end_time":"1417.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1417.52","end_time":"1417.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"could"}],"start_time":"1417.709","end_time":"1417.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1417.9","end_time":"1418.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1418.13","end_time":"1418.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"1418.209","end_time":"1418.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.793","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1418.599","end_time":"1418.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1418.869","end_time":"1418.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1418.969","end_time":"1419.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1419.05","end_time":"1419.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1419.25","end_time":"1419.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1419.42","end_time":"1419.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1419.729","end_time":"1419.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1419.829","end_time":"1420.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1420.329","end_time":"1420.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1420.369","end_time":"1420.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"affordable"}],"start_time":"1420.64","end_time":"1421.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1421.4","end_time":"1421.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1422.53","end_time":"1423.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1423.569","end_time":"1424.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"um"}],"start_time":"1424.18","end_time":"1425.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"fast"}],"start_time":"1425.199","end_time":"1425.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"deciding"}],"start_time":"1425.67","end_time":"1426.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1426.109","end_time":"1426.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1426.979","end_time":"1427.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1427.63","end_time":"1427.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.666","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1427.88","end_time":"1427.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"1427.979","end_time":"1428.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1428.449","end_time":"1428.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1428.55","end_time":"1428.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1428.93","end_time":"1429.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1429.119","end_time":"1429.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"1429.28","end_time":"1429.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.868","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1430.06","end_time":"1430.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.408","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1430.109","end_time":"1430.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1430.329","end_time":"1430.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"take"}],"start_time":"1430.4","end_time":"1430.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"months"}],"start_time":"1430.64","end_time":"1431.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1431.05","end_time":"1431.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"1431.199","end_time":"1431.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1432.13","end_time":"1432.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hope"}],"start_time":"1432.39","end_time":"1432.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1432.65","end_time":"1432.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ok"}],"start_time":"1432.81","end_time":"1433.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1433.26","end_time":"1433.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1433.64","end_time":"1433.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1433.739","end_time":"1433.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"little"}],"start_time":"1433.76","end_time":"1434.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"1434.099","end_time":"1434.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"faster"}],"start_time":"1434.219","end_time":"1434.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1434.849","end_time":"1435.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1436.27","end_time":"1436.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1436.609","end_time":"1436.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1436.68","end_time":"1436.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1436.89","end_time":"1436.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1437.0","end_time":"1437.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"transform"}],"start_time":"1437.119","end_time":"1437.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1437.66","end_time":"1438.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1438.05","end_time":"1438.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1438.14","end_time":"1438.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"1438.239","end_time":"1438.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"impact"}],"start_time":"1438.699","end_time":"1438.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1439.0","end_time":"1439.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1439.069","end_time":"1439.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1439.15","end_time":"1439.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1439.969","end_time":"1440.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1440.18","end_time":"1440.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1440.31","end_time":"1440.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sale"}],"start_time":"1440.489","end_time":"1440.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cycles"}],"start_time":"1440.76","end_time":"1441.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"could"}],"start_time":"1441.26","end_time":"1441.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1441.439","end_time":"1441.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6653333333333333","content":"13"}],"start_time":"1441.609","end_time":"1442.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"months"}],"start_time":"1442.27","end_time":"1442.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1442.53","end_time":"1442.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"1442.67","end_time":"1442.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1442.92","end_time":"1443.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1443.729","end_time":"1443.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1443.77","end_time":"1444.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1444.239","end_time":"1444.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1444.459","end_time":"1444.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"little"}],"start_time":"1444.479","end_time":"1444.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"1444.859","end_time":"1444.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"reduced"}],"start_time":"1444.979","end_time":"1445.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1446.459","end_time":"1447.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1448.4","end_time":"1448.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1448.969","end_time":"1449.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.677","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1449.38","end_time":"1449.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"wanna"}],"start_time":"1449.77","end_time":"1449.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"move"}],"start_time":"1450.0","end_time":"1450.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1450.31","end_time":"1450.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"speed"}],"start_time":"1450.4","end_time":"1450.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1451.26","end_time":"1451.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"they'll"}],"start_time":"1451.63","end_time":"1451.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"1451.869","end_time":"1452.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1452.069","end_time":"1452.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1452.14","end_time":"1452.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cheapest"}],"start_time":"1452.229","end_time":"1452.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"option"}],"start_time":"1452.609","end_time":"1452.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1452.939","end_time":"1453.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1453.369","end_time":"1453.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1453.689","end_time":"1454.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1454.439","end_time":"1454.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1454.979","end_time":"1455.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1455.079","end_time":"1455.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"main"}],"start_time":"1455.17","end_time":"1455.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"1455.489","end_time":"1455.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1455.92","end_time":"1455.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1455.939","end_time":"1456.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1456.239","end_time":"1456.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1456.4","end_time":"1456.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"1456.689","end_time":"1457.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1457.579","end_time":"1457.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1457.869","end_time":"1458.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1458.209","end_time":"1458.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1458.369","end_time":"1458.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1458.619","end_time":"1458.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1458.729","end_time":"1458.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1458.89","end_time":"1459.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1459.01","end_time":"1459.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1459.349","end_time":"1459.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"1459.43","end_time":"1459.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"own"}],"start_time":"1459.56","end_time":"1460.079"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1460.53","end_time":"1460.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"never"}],"start_time":"1460.77","end_time":"1461.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1461.089","end_time":"1461.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1461.29","end_time":"1461.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1461.369","end_time":"1461.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"services"}],"start_time":"1461.54","end_time":"1462.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1462.18","end_time":"1462.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1462.31","end_time":"1462.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1462.459","end_time":"1462.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.504","content":"I'll"}],"start_time":"1462.65","end_time":"1462.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1462.75","end_time":"1462.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1462.979","end_time":"1463.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1463.099","end_time":"1463.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1463.17","end_time":"1463.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1463.65","end_time":"1463.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1463.68","end_time":"1463.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1463.869","end_time":"1463.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"1464.0","end_time":"1464.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1464.75","end_time":"1464.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1464.939","end_time":"1465.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1465.06","end_time":"1465.119"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1465.13","end_time":"1465.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1465.339","end_time":"1465.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"start_time":"1465.53","end_time":"1465.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1465.939","end_time":"1466.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"1466.03","end_time":"1466.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1466.489","end_time":"1466.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"start_time":"1466.599","end_time":"1466.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1466.91","end_time":"1467.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"inventory"}],"start_time":"1467.06","end_time":"1467.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"management"}],"start_time":"1467.54","end_time":"1467.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1467.989","end_time":"1468.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"change"}],"start_time":"1468.06","end_time":"1468.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1468.369","end_time":"1468.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"purchase"}],"start_time":"1468.39","end_time":"1469.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"1469.79","end_time":"1470.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1470.209","end_time":"1470.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1470.359","end_time":"1470.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1471.0","end_time":"1471.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1471.41","end_time":"1471.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1471.859","end_time":"1471.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"new"}],"start_time":"1471.88","end_time":"1472.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1472.079","end_time":"1472.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"It"}],"start_time":"1472.52","end_time":"1472.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"1473.06","end_time":"1473.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"though"}],"start_time":"1473.449","end_time":"1473.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1473.579","end_time":"1473.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1473.609","end_time":"1473.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1473.939","end_time":"1474.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"1474.05","end_time":"1474.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"simple"}],"start_time":"1474.39","end_time":"1474.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1475.089","end_time":"1475.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1475.349","end_time":"1475.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1475.67","end_time":"1475.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1475.819","end_time":"1476.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"help"}],"start_time":"1476.13","end_time":"1476.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"1476.349","end_time":"1476.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1476.53","end_time":"1476.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1477.515","end_time":"1477.655"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"1477.665","end_time":"1477.935"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1477.944","end_time":"1478.185"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1478.194","end_time":"1478.665"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"try"}],"start_time":"1478.675","end_time":"1479.005"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1479.015","end_time":"1479.094"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1479.104","end_time":"1479.275"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.707","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1479.285","end_time":"1479.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1479.314","end_time":"1479.484"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"1479.494","end_time":"1479.614"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"own"}],"start_time":"1479.625","end_time":"1479.824"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"1479.834","end_time":"1480.385"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1480.535","end_time":"1480.724"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1480.734","end_time":"1480.864"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1480.875","end_time":"1480.944"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"call"}],"start_time":"1480.954","end_time":"1481.204"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"1481.214","end_time":"1481.444"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1481.454","end_time":"1481.555"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1481.564","end_time":"1481.625"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1481.635","end_time":"1481.724"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"issues"}],"start_time":"1481.734","end_time":"1482.234"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"where"}],"start_time":"1482.395","end_time":"1482.895"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1482.905","end_time":"1483.005"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1483.015","end_time":"1483.114"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"US"}],"start_time":"1483.125","end_time":"1483.385"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1483.395","end_time":"1483.505"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1483.515","end_time":"1483.625"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1483.635","end_time":"1483.905"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1483.915","end_time":"1483.944"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1483.954","end_time":"1484.344"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"1484.354","end_time":"1484.714"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1484.724","end_time":"1484.824"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"does"}],"start_time":"1484.834","end_time":"1485.045"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1485.055","end_time":"1485.405"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1485.415","end_time":"1485.594"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1485.604","end_time":"1486.015"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1486.125","end_time":"1486.194"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1486.204","end_time":"1486.425"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1486.435","end_time":"1486.604"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"1486.614","end_time":"1487.364"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1487.375","end_time":"1487.564"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1487.574","end_time":"1488.015"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1488.025","end_time":"1488.535"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1488.545","end_time":"1488.555"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1488.564","end_time":"1488.724"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1488.734","end_time":"1488.824"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1488.834","end_time":"1489.114"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1489.125","end_time":"1489.265"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1489.275","end_time":"1489.344"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"1489.354","end_time":"1489.635"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1489.645","end_time":"1489.744"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1489.755","end_time":"1489.844"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1489.854","end_time":"1489.984"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1489.994","end_time":"1490.035"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"job"}],"start_time":"1490.045","end_time":"1490.234"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1490.244","end_time":"1490.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"1490.385","end_time":"1490.685"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"One"}],"start_time":"1490.775","end_time":"1491.194"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"layer"}],"start_time":"1491.204","end_time":"1491.464"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"deep"}],"start_time":"1491.474","end_time":"1492.104"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Psychologically"}],"start_time":"1492.194","end_time":"1493.094"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"1493.104","end_time":"1493.464"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1493.474","end_time":"1493.675"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1493.685","end_time":"1493.744"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1493.755","end_time":"1493.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1493.795","end_time":"1494.025"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1494.035","end_time":"1494.114"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"1494.125","end_time":"1494.494"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.844","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1494.505","end_time":"1494.635"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1494.645","end_time":"1494.744"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"between"}],"start_time":"1494.755","end_time":"1495.015"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"America"}],"start_time":"1495.025","end_time":"1495.494"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1495.505","end_time":"1495.614"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1495.625","end_time":"1496.064"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1496.525","end_time":"1497.104"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1497.114","end_time":"1497.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1497.155","end_time":"1497.625"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1497.635","end_time":"1497.905"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1497.915","end_time":"1497.944"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1497.954","end_time":"1498.425"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"comes"}],"start_time":"1498.435","end_time":"1498.694"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"down"}],"start_time":"1498.704","end_time":"1498.864"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1498.875","end_time":"1499.025"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1499.035","end_time":"1499.545"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1500.015","end_time":"1500.244"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1500.255","end_time":"1500.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1500.314","end_time":"1500.525"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1500.535","end_time":"1500.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1500.795","end_time":"1500.905"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"services"}],"start_time":"1500.915","end_time":"1501.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1501.525","end_time":"1501.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1501.795","end_time":"1501.864"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1501.875","end_time":"1502.074"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1502.084","end_time":"1502.194"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1502.204","end_time":"1502.285"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1502.295","end_time":"1502.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1502.525","end_time":"1502.974"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1502.984","end_time":"1503.084"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"believe"}],"start_time":"1503.094","end_time":"1503.625"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1504.099","end_time":"1505.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"1505.01","end_time":"1505.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"1505.239","end_time":"1505.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"1505.51","end_time":"1505.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1505.949","end_time":"1506.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1506.089","end_time":"1506.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"1506.189","end_time":"1506.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1506.41","end_time":"1507.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1507.15","end_time":"1507.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"shop"}],"start_time":"1507.17","end_time":"1507.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1507.76","end_time":"1507.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1507.8","end_time":"1508.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1508.55","end_time":"1508.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"1508.709","end_time":"1508.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1508.91","end_time":"1508.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1508.949","end_time":"1509.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1509.17","end_time":"1509.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1509.219","end_time":"1509.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1509.39","end_time":"1509.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Kit"}],"start_time":"1509.449","end_time":"1509.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"Kat"}],"start_time":"1509.75","end_time":"1510.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"chocolate"}],"start_time":"1510.359","end_time":"1510.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bar"}],"start_time":"1510.9","end_time":"1511.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"There"}],"start_time":"1511.239","end_time":"1511.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1511.55","end_time":"1511.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"1511.65","end_time":"1512.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1512.13","end_time":"1512.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"₹10"}],"start_time":"1512.15","end_time":"1512.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kit"}],"start_time":"1512.77","end_time":"1512.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"Kat"}],"start_time":"1512.989","end_time":"1513.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1513.609","end_time":"1513.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"₹20"}],"start_time":"1513.75","end_time":"1514.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"kit"}],"start_time":"1514.369","end_time":"1514.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1514.65","end_time":"1514.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"₹35"}],"start_time":"1514.8","end_time":"1515.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kit"}],"start_time":"1515.579","end_time":"1515.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"Kat"}],"start_time":"1515.75","end_time":"1516.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1516.53","end_time":"1517.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1517.8","end_time":"1518.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1518.39","end_time":"1518.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1518.729","end_time":"1518.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"1518.93","end_time":"1519.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1519.42","end_time":"1519.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1519.55","end_time":"1519.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1519.569","end_time":"1520.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1520.01","end_time":"1520.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"1520.03","end_time":"1520.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1520.329","end_time":"1520.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1520.64","end_time":"1520.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1520.81","end_time":"1520.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"1520.92","end_time":"1521.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"level"}],"start_time":"1521.079","end_time":"1521.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1521.29","end_time":"1521.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"1521.38","end_time":"1521.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1521.67","end_time":"1521.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"1521.78","end_time":"1522.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"1522.479","end_time":"1523.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1523.05","end_time":"1523.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1523.26","end_time":"1523.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1523.41","end_time":"1523.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"1523.619","end_time":"1523.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1523.91","end_time":"1524.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"credit"}],"start_time":"1524.01","end_time":"1524.38"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1524.39","end_time":"1524.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1524.469","end_time":"1524.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"1524.63","end_time":"1524.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1524.78","end_time":"1525.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1525.13","end_time":"1525.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"credit"}],"start_time":"1525.25","end_time":"1525.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1526.119","end_time":"1526.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Here"}],"start_time":"1526.8","end_time":"1527.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1527.349","end_time":"1527.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1527.53","end_time":"1527.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"rational"}],"start_time":"1527.969","end_time":"1528.4"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1528.41","end_time":"1528.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1528.43","end_time":"1528.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1528.599","end_time":"1528.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1530.239","end_time":"1530.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1530.619","end_time":"1530.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1530.67","end_time":"1530.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"practical"}],"start_time":"1530.819","end_time":"1531.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1531.51","end_time":"1531.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"going"}],"start_time":"1531.93","end_time":"1532.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1532.14","end_time":"1532.579"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1532.76","end_time":"1533.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1533.14","end_time":"1533.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1533.219","end_time":"1533.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.451","content":"savvy"}],"start_time":"1533.989","end_time":"1535.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1536.199","end_time":"1536.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"saving"}],"start_time":"1536.78","end_time":"1537.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"money"}],"start_time":"1537.219","end_time":"1537.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1537.5","end_time":"1537.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1537.699","end_time":"1537.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1537.969","end_time":"1538.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1538.26","end_time":"1538.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1538.64","end_time":"1538.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"1538.729","end_time":"1539.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1539.06","end_time":"1539.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1539.079","end_time":"1539.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1539.329","end_time":"1539.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"1540.68","end_time":"1541.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1541.63","end_time":"1541.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1541.67","end_time":"1542.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1542.15","end_time":"1542.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"throw"}],"start_time":"1542.3","end_time":"1542.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"humans"}],"start_time":"1542.51","end_time":"1542.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1542.959","end_time":"1543.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1543.03","end_time":"1543.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"1543.079","end_time":"1543.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1543.469","end_time":"1543.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1543.619","end_time":"1543.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"1544.17","end_time":"1544.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1544.77","end_time":"1544.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1544.869","end_time":"1545.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"1545.109","end_time":"1545.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"1545.189","end_time":"1545.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1545.579","end_time":"1545.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"try"}],"start_time":"1545.65","end_time":"1545.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1545.859","end_time":"1545.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"automate"}],"start_time":"1545.979","end_time":"1546.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1546.51","end_time":"1546.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1546.739","end_time":"1546.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"less"}],"start_time":"1546.939","end_time":"1547.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"employee"}],"start_time":"1547.219","end_time":"1547.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"less"}],"start_time":"1547.64","end_time":"1548.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1548.199","end_time":"1548.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"less"}],"start_time":"1548.709","end_time":"1549.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1549.079","end_time":"1549.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1549.229","end_time":"1549.849"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"The"}],"start_time":"1549.859","end_time":"1550.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"1550.069","end_time":"1550.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1550.979","end_time":"1550.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"workers"}],"start_time":"1551.0","end_time":"1551.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1551.579","end_time":"1551.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1551.699","end_time":"1551.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cheap"}],"start_time":"1551.839","end_time":"1552.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1552.15","end_time":"1552.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"1552.28","end_time":"1552.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1552.599","end_time":"1552.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1552.689","end_time":"1552.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"put"}],"start_time":"1552.989","end_time":"1553.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1553.239","end_time":"1553.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"workers"}],"start_time":"1553.4","end_time":"1554.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1554.13","end_time":"1554.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"solve"}],"start_time":"1554.359","end_time":"1554.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1554.589","end_time":"1554.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"1554.689","end_time":"1555.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"One"}],"start_time":"1555.489","end_time":"1555.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1555.77","end_time":"1555.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1555.849","end_time":"1555.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"examples"}],"start_time":"1555.92","end_time":"1556.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1556.339","end_time":"1556.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1556.38","end_time":"1556.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1556.66","end_time":"1557.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1557.05","end_time":"1557.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1557.069","end_time":"1557.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"1557.229","end_time":"1557.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1557.699","end_time":"1558.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1558.68","end_time":"1559.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1559.43","end_time":"1560.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1560.01","end_time":"1560.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1560.03","end_time":"1560.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1560.599","end_time":"1560.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"content"}],"start_time":"1560.709","end_time":"1561.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1561.239","end_time":"1561.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.564","content":"receive"}],"start_time":"1561.349","end_time":"1561.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"their"}],"start_time":"1561.64","end_time":"1562.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"1562.02","end_time":"1562.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1562.699","end_time":"1562.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1562.81","end_time":"1562.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"morning"}],"start_time":"1562.91","end_time":"1563.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1563.229","end_time":"1563.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1563.339","end_time":"1563.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1563.56","end_time":"1563.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pile"}],"start_time":"1563.579","end_time":"1563.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1563.89","end_time":"1564.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bills"}],"start_time":"1564.069","end_time":"1564.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1564.75","end_time":"1564.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1564.989","end_time":"1565.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.561","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1565.069","end_time":"1565.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1565.15","end_time":"1565.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1565.41","end_time":"1565.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1565.739","end_time":"1565.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"data"}],"start_time":"1565.77","end_time":"1566.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.679","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1566.03","end_time":"1566.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1566.089","end_time":"1566.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1566.29","end_time":"1566.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1566.55","end_time":"1566.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"system"}],"start_time":"1566.64","end_time":"1567.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1567.109","end_time":"1567.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1567.199","end_time":"1567.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"1567.219","end_time":"1567.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.034","content":"shitty"}],"start_time":"1567.53","end_time":"1567.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1567.75","end_time":"1567.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1567.91","end_time":"1568.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.658","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1568.319","end_time":"1568.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"1568.469","end_time":"1568.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"day"}],"start_time":"1568.75","end_time":"1569.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1569.4","end_time":"1569.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1569.439","end_time":"1569.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.533","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1569.689","end_time":"1569.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1569.709","end_time":"1570.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"interesting"}],"start_time":"1570.319","end_time":"1570.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"No"}],"start_time":"1570.91","end_time":"1571.15"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1571.16","end_time":"1571.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"artificial"}],"start_time":"1571.349","end_time":"1571.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"intelligence"}],"start_time":"1571.849","end_time":"1572.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"All"}],"start_time":"1572.67","end_time":"1572.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1572.969","end_time":"1573.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1573.28","end_time":"1573.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"processed"}],"start_time":"1573.8","end_time":"1574.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"automatically"}],"start_time":"1574.319","end_time":"1574.849"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1574.859","end_time":"1574.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1574.93","end_time":"1575.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1575.14","end_time":"1575.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1575.27","end_time":"1575.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1575.349","end_time":"1575.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anymore"}],"start_time":"1575.75","end_time":"1576.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1576.319","end_time":"1576.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1576.449","end_time":"1576.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"put"}],"start_time":"1576.689","end_time":"1576.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1576.859","end_time":"1577.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.696","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1577.069","end_time":"1577.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1577.109","end_time":"1577.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"scanner"}],"start_time":"1577.199","end_time":"1577.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1578.16","end_time":"1578.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"19%"}],"start_time":"1578.43","end_time":"1579.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1579.119","end_time":"1579.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"recorded"}],"start_time":"1579.219","end_time":"1579.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"automatically"}],"start_time":"1579.63","end_time":"1580.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1580.17","end_time":"1580.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1580.29","end_time":"1580.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Only"}],"start_time":"1580.52","end_time":"1580.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"2%"}],"start_time":"1580.78","end_time":"1581.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1581.28","end_time":"1581.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1581.369","end_time":"1581.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1581.479","end_time":"1581.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"check"}],"start_time":"1581.56","end_time":"1581.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1582.56","end_time":"1583.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1583.439","end_time":"1583.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1583.89","end_time":"1584.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1584.589","end_time":"1585.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1585.229","end_time":"1585.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1585.38","end_time":"1585.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1585.719","end_time":"1585.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"1585.859","end_time":"1586.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1586.359","end_time":"1586.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"us"}],"start_time":"1586.469","end_time":"1586.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"1586.869","end_time":"1587.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"success"}],"start_time":"1587.42","end_time":"1587.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Everyone"}],"start_time":"1588.03","end_time":"1588.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"loved"}],"start_time":"1588.569","end_time":"1588.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1588.949","end_time":"1589.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1589.03","end_time":"1589.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1589.39","end_time":"1589.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1589.5","end_time":"1589.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"less"}],"start_time":"1589.66","end_time":"1590.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1590.06","end_time":"1590.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1590.329","end_time":"1590.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1590.439","end_time":"1590.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1590.89","end_time":"1591.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1591.099","end_time":"1591.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1591.359","end_time":"1591.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"validate"}],"start_time":"1591.43","end_time":"1592.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1592.489","end_time":"1593.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"1593.079","end_time":"1593.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"accountant"}],"start_time":"1593.67","end_time":"1594.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1594.109","end_time":"1594.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1594.329","end_time":"1594.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tax"}],"start_time":"1594.54","end_time":"1594.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"optimization"}],"start_time":"1594.829","end_time":"1595.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"interesting"}],"start_time":"1595.75","end_time":"1596.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"1596.369","end_time":"1596.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"1596.619","end_time":"1596.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"1596.869","end_time":"1596.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"recording"}],"start_time":"1596.979","end_time":"1597.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"data"}],"start_time":"1597.469","end_time":"1597.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1598.699","end_time":"1598.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1598.91","end_time":"1599.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1599.349","end_time":"1599.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"1599.41","end_time":"1599.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1599.77","end_time":"1599.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1599.91","end_time":"1600.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1600.26","end_time":"1600.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"showed"}],"start_time":"1600.339","end_time":"1600.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1600.64","end_time":"1600.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1600.77","end_time":"1600.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1600.91","end_time":"1600.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"content"}],"start_time":"1600.93","end_time":"1601.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1601.8","end_time":"1601.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"content"}],"start_time":"1602.0","end_time":"1602.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1602.5","end_time":"1602.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"1602.65","end_time":"1602.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1602.959","end_time":"1603.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.855","content":"math"}],"start_time":"1603.069","end_time":"1603.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"Our"}],"start_time":"1603.949","end_time":"1603.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"system"}],"start_time":"1604.03","end_time":"1604.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1604.479","end_time":"1604.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1604.599","end_time":"1604.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"1604.63","end_time":"1604.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1604.949","end_time":"1605.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"costing"}],"start_time":"1605.109","end_time":"1605.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"₹6"}],"start_time":"1605.51","end_time":"1606.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1606.43","end_time":"1606.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bill"}],"start_time":"1606.79","end_time":"1607.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1607.229","end_time":"1607.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1607.64","end_time":"1607.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1607.739","end_time":"1607.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1607.91","end_time":"1608.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"1608.079","end_time":"1608.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1608.9","end_time":"1609.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1609.14","end_time":"1609.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1609.27","end_time":"1609.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1609.369","end_time":"1609.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1609.53","end_time":"1609.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.693","content":"math"}],"start_time":"1609.64","end_time":"1609.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.534","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1610.51","end_time":"1610.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1610.579","end_time":"1611.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"account"}],"start_time":"1611.02","end_time":"1611.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1611.42","end_time":"1611.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1611.739","end_time":"1611.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1611.849","end_time":"1612.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1612.329","end_time":"1612.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1612.579","end_time":"1613.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1613.209","end_time":"1613.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1613.459","end_time":"1613.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1613.77","end_time":"1613.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"many"}],"start_time":"1613.8","end_time":"1614.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1614.569","end_time":"1614.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1614.729","end_time":"1615.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"1615.02","end_time":"1615.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"3"}],"start_time":"1615.13","end_time":"1615.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"₹3"}],"start_time":"1615.54","end_time":"1616.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1616.4","end_time":"1616.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1616.54","end_time":"1616.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"manually"}],"start_time":"1616.92","end_time":"1617.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.626","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1617.489","end_time":"1617.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1617.619","end_time":"1617.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"system"}],"start_time":"1617.739","end_time":"1618.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1618.63","end_time":"1618.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"1618.699","end_time":"1619.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1619.17","end_time":"1619.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1619.41","end_time":"1619.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1619.579","end_time":"1619.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1619.839","end_time":"1619.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"use"}],"start_time":"1619.859","end_time":"1620.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"artificial"}],"start_time":"1620.589","end_time":"1621.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"intelligence"}],"start_time":"1621.4","end_time":"1621.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1621.9","end_time":"1622.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1622.02","end_time":"1622.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"₹8"}],"start_time":"1622.3","end_time":"1622.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1623.17","end_time":"1623.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1623.38","end_time":"1623.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"prefer"}],"start_time":"1623.489","end_time":"1623.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1623.78","end_time":"1623.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1624.0","end_time":"1624.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"1624.25","end_time":"1624.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1624.51","end_time":"1624.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1624.81","end_time":"1624.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1624.939","end_time":"1625.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"manually"}],"start_time":"1625.28","end_time":"1625.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1626.15","end_time":"1626.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1626.5","end_time":"1626.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1626.739","end_time":"1626.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1626.88","end_time":"1626.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1626.969","end_time":"1627.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.13","content":"examples"}],"start_time":"1627.06","end_time":"1627.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"1627.42","end_time":"1627.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1627.589","end_time":"1627.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1627.729","end_time":"1627.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1627.79","end_time":"1627.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"start_time":"1627.89","end_time":"1628.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1628.369","end_time":"1628.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.913","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1628.39","end_time":"1628.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1628.56","end_time":"1628.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1628.68","end_time":"1628.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"1628.78","end_time":"1628.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"1628.979","end_time":"1629.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1629.099","end_time":"1629.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1629.329","end_time":"1629.349"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1629.359","end_time":"1629.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1629.599","end_time":"1629.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1629.699","end_time":"1630.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1630.43","end_time":"1630.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1630.449","end_time":"1631.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"artificial"}],"start_time":"1631.14","end_time":"1631.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"intelligence"}],"start_time":"1631.839","end_time":"1632.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1632.359","end_time":"1632.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.551","content":"UDO"}],"start_time":"1632.51","end_time":"1632.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.783","content":"builds"}],"start_time":"1632.859","end_time":"1633.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1633.15","end_time":"1633.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"record"}],"start_time":"1633.27","end_time":"1633.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.399","content":"automatic"}],"start_time":"1633.619","end_time":"1633.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"1633.93","end_time":"1634.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.746","content":"had"}],"start_time":"1634.089","end_time":"1634.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1634.16","end_time":"1634.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"put"}],"start_time":"1634.25","end_time":"1634.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1634.449","end_time":"1634.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"free"}],"start_time":"1634.52","end_time":"1634.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1634.709","end_time":"1634.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1634.75","end_time":"1635.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Otherwise"}],"start_time":"1635.38","end_time":"1635.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1635.819","end_time":"1635.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1635.9","end_time":"1636.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1636.05","end_time":"1636.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"put"}],"start_time":"1636.339","end_time":"1636.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1636.859","end_time":"1637.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hands"}],"start_time":"1637.41","end_time":"1637.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"1637.699","end_time":"1638.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1638.05","end_time":"1638.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"I'll"}],"start_time":"1638.869","end_time":"1639.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"give"}],"start_time":"1639.109","end_time":"1639.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1639.339","end_time":"1639.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1639.43","end_time":"1639.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1639.68","end_time":"1639.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1639.989","end_time":"1640.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"start"}],"start_time":"1640.619","end_time":"1641.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.375","content":"up"}],"start_time":"1641.089","end_time":"1641.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneurship"}],"start_time":"1641.43","end_time":"1642.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"1642.28","end_time":"1642.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Again"}],"start_time":"1643.219","end_time":"1643.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1643.569","end_time":"1643.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1643.689","end_time":"1643.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1643.939","end_time":"1644.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"saving"}],"start_time":"1644.29","end_time":"1644.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1644.859","end_time":"1645.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1645.109","end_time":"1645.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1645.13","end_time":"1645.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1645.369","end_time":"1645.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1645.689","end_time":"1645.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"1645.77","end_time":"1646.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1646.29","end_time":"1646.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1646.81","end_time":"1647.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"successful"}],"start_time":"1647.27","end_time":"1647.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"starters"}],"start_time":"1647.92","end_time":"1648.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1648.27","end_time":"1648.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"built"}],"start_time":"1648.369","end_time":"1648.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"1648.609","end_time":"1648.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1648.68","end_time":"1648.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"1648.76","end_time":"1648.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"profitable"}],"start_time":"1648.959","end_time":"1649.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1649.489","end_time":"1649.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1649.589","end_time":"1649.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1649.75","end_time":"1649.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"raising"}],"start_time":"1649.91","end_time":"1650.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"1650.25","end_time":"1650.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Everyone"}],"start_time":"1650.66","end_time":"1651.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.539","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1651.089","end_time":"1651.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.656","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"1651.119","end_time":"1651.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.658","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1651.25","end_time":"1651.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.559","content":"bootstrap"}],"start_time":"1651.329","end_time":"1652.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1652.05","end_time":"1652.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1652.26","end_time":"1652.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1652.449","end_time":"1652.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.838","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1652.67","end_time":"1652.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1652.8","end_time":"1652.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"advantages"}],"start_time":"1652.92","end_time":"1653.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1653.55","end_time":"1653.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.844","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"1653.68","end_time":"1653.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1653.839","end_time":"1653.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1653.859","end_time":"1654.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"population"}],"start_time":"1654.219","end_time":"1654.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1655.15","end_time":"1655.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1655.5","end_time":"1655.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1655.699","end_time":"1655.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"1655.939","end_time":"1656.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"1656.42","end_time":"1656.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"done"}],"start_time":"1656.959","end_time":"1657.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1657.939","end_time":"1658.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cheap"}],"start_time":"1658.39","end_time":"1658.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"through"}],"start_time":"1658.719","end_time":"1658.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"human"}],"start_time":"1658.949","end_time":"1659.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"beings"}],"start_time":"1659.29","end_time":"1659.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1659.569","end_time":"1659.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1659.589","end_time":"1659.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1659.819","end_time":"1660.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1660.079","end_time":"1660.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1660.209","end_time":"1660.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.831","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1660.92","end_time":"1661.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"mentality"}],"start_time":"1661.78","end_time":"1662.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"1662.56","end_time":"1663.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1663.579","end_time":"1664.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"capacity"}],"start_time":"1664.15","end_time":"1664.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1664.699","end_time":"1664.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"affordable"}],"start_time":"1664.979","end_time":"1665.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"jobs"}],"start_time":"1665.75","end_time":"1666.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1668.26","end_time":"1668.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"um"}],"start_time":"1668.89","end_time":"1669.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1669.14","end_time":"1669.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1669.729","end_time":"1670.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"1670.069","end_time":"1670.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1670.56","end_time":"1670.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"understanding"}],"start_time":"1670.81","end_time":"1671.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1671.39","end_time":"1671.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1671.77","end_time":"1672.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1672.43","end_time":"1672.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1672.719","end_time":"1672.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"1672.969","end_time":"1673.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"having"}],"start_time":"1673.589","end_time":"1673.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1673.819","end_time":"1674.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"1674.01","end_time":"1674.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tool"}],"start_time":"1674.51","end_time":"1674.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1674.77","end_time":"1675.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1675.109","end_time":"1675.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"1675.13","end_time":"1675.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1675.729","end_time":"1676.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"instead"}],"start_time":"1676.54","end_time":"1676.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1676.989","end_time":"1677.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1677.119","end_time":"1677.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"shitty"}],"start_time":"1677.14","end_time":"1677.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1677.41","end_time":"1678.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1678.209","end_time":"1679.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.763","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1679.04","end_time":"1679.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"quotation"}],"start_time":"1679.06","end_time":"1679.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1679.81","end_time":"1679.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"looks"}],"start_time":"1679.969","end_time":"1680.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nice"}],"start_time":"1680.27","end_time":"1680.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1681.109","end_time":"1681.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"1681.13","end_time":"1682.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1682.01","end_time":"1682.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.004","content":"comparison"}],"start_time":"1682.119","end_time":"1682.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"rate"}],"start_time":"1682.579","end_time":"1682.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1682.81","end_time":"1682.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"1682.91","end_time":"1683.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"These"}],"start_time":"1683.18","end_time":"1683.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1683.359","end_time":"1683.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1683.489","end_time":"1683.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"1683.569","end_time":"1683.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1683.839","end_time":"1684.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"1684.05","end_time":"1684.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1684.52","end_time":"1684.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1684.81","end_time":"1684.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"1684.92","end_time":"1685.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sensitive"}],"start_time":"1685.119","end_time":"1685.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1685.65","end_time":"1685.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1685.719","end_time":"1685.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1685.8","end_time":"1686.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1686.439","end_time":"1686.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"miss"}],"start_time":"1686.739","end_time":"1687.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1687.489","end_time":"1687.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1687.92","end_time":"1688.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"leverage"}],"start_time":"1688.17","end_time":"1688.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1688.709","end_time":"1688.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"1688.8","end_time":"1689.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"1689.239","end_time":"1689.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1689.64","end_time":"1689.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1689.79","end_time":"1689.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"could"}],"start_time":"1689.949","end_time":"1690.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1690.109","end_time":"1690.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1690.489","end_time":"1690.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1690.68","end_time":"1690.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"1690.89","end_time":"1691.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"their"}],"start_time":"1691.39","end_time":"1691.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.513","content":"sale"}],"start_time":"1691.5","end_time":"1691.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"1692.109","end_time":"1692.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1692.31","end_time":"1692.579"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1692.589","end_time":"1692.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"agree"}],"start_time":"1692.67","end_time":"1693.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1693.02","end_time":"1693.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1693.219","end_time":"1693.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"1693.42","end_time":"1693.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"1694.28","end_time":"1694.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"too"}],"start_time":"1694.569","end_time":"1694.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1694.79","end_time":"1695.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1695.079","end_time":"1695.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1695.199","end_time":"1695.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"1695.219","end_time":"1695.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1695.589","end_time":"1695.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saving"}],"start_time":"1695.729","end_time":"1696.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"1696.189","end_time":"1696.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1697.04","end_time":"1697.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1697.3","end_time":"1697.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"1697.75","end_time":"1698.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1698.319","end_time":"1698.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1698.54","end_time":"1698.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"creating"}],"start_time":"1698.79","end_time":"1699.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1699.18","end_time":"1699.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"1699.199","end_time":"1700.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"front"}],"start_time":"1700.069","end_time":"1700.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1700.77","end_time":"1701.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1701.31","end_time":"1701.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1701.39","end_time":"1702.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1702.02","end_time":"1702.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1702.569","end_time":"1703.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"report"}],"start_time":"1703.199","end_time":"1703.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1703.829","end_time":"1704.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1704.609","end_time":"1705.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"operation"}],"start_time":"1705.4","end_time":"1705.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"Hm"}],"start_time":"1706.68","end_time":"1707.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1707.75","end_time":"1707.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"1707.9","end_time":"1708.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"1708.229","end_time":"1708.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.515","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1708.489","end_time":"1708.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1708.709","end_time":"1708.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1708.89","end_time":"1709.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"generally"}],"start_time":"1709.14","end_time":"1709.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1709.939","end_time":"1710.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1710.4","end_time":"1710.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"1710.5","end_time":"1711.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we've"}],"start_time":"1711.079","end_time":"1711.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"got"}],"start_time":"1711.27","end_time":"1711.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"independence"}],"start_time":"1711.599","end_time":"1712.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1712.189","end_time":"1712.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"75"}],"start_time":"1712.329","end_time":"1712.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"1712.9","end_time":"1713.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"1713.13","end_time":"1713.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1713.76","end_time":"1714.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"1714.05","end_time":"1714.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1714.469","end_time":"1714.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1714.53","end_time":"1714.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"last"}],"start_time":"1714.63","end_time":"1715.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"four"}],"start_time":"1715.04","end_time":"1715.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1715.219","end_time":"1715.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"five"}],"start_time":"1715.25","end_time":"1715.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"1715.41","end_time":"1715.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Am"}],"start_time":"1715.64","end_time":"1715.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1715.68","end_time":"1715.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"releasing"}],"start_time":"1715.699","end_time":"1716.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1716.27","end_time":"1716.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drastic"}],"start_time":"1716.29","end_time":"1716.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"change"}],"start_time":"1716.81","end_time":"1717.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1717.089","end_time":"1717.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1717.16","end_time":"1717.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1717.359","end_time":"1717.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1717.56","end_time":"1717.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"internet"}],"start_time":"1717.64","end_time":"1718.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"reached"}],"start_time":"1718.099","end_time":"1718.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1718.459","end_time":"1718.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rest"}],"start_time":"1718.54","end_time":"1718.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1718.81","end_time":"1718.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1718.93","end_time":"1719.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1719.5","end_time":"1719.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1719.76","end_time":"1720.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1720.089","end_time":"1720.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"getting"}],"start_time":"1720.14","end_time":"1720.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"1720.459","end_time":"1721.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1721.109","end_time":"1721.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1721.339","end_time":"1721.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1721.579","end_time":"1721.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1721.66","end_time":"1721.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"works"}],"start_time":"1721.979","end_time":"1722.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1722.719","end_time":"1722.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1722.93","end_time":"1722.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"1722.979","end_time":"1723.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1723.239","end_time":"1723.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1723.39","end_time":"1723.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"1723.51","end_time":"1724.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"1724.579","end_time":"1724.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"1724.859","end_time":"1724.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1724.989","end_time":"1725.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.766","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1725.109","end_time":"1725.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"going"}],"start_time":"1725.16","end_time":"1725.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1725.349","end_time":"1725.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1725.4","end_time":"1725.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"listeners"}],"start_time":"1725.459","end_time":"1726.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"who"}],"start_time":"1726.089","end_time":"1726.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1726.479","end_time":"1726.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"speak"}],"start_time":"1726.79","end_time":"1727.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"English"}],"start_time":"1727.25","end_time":"1727.579"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1727.589","end_time":"1727.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1727.729","end_time":"1728.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"English"}],"start_time":"1728.25","end_time":"1728.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1728.819","end_time":"1729.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.537","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"1729.03","end_time":"1729.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1729.109","end_time":"1729.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tuning"}],"start_time":"1729.41","end_time":"1729.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1729.76","end_time":"1729.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1729.81","end_time":"1729.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"see"}],"start_time":"1729.969","end_time":"1730.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1730.56","end_time":"1731.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1731.02","end_time":"1731.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"European"}],"start_time":"1731.04","end_time":"1731.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1731.54","end_time":"1731.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"1731.589","end_time":"1731.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1731.849","end_time":"1732.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1732.099","end_time":"1732.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1732.209","end_time":"1732.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1732.689","end_time":"1732.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1732.91","end_time":"1733.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1733.05","end_time":"1733.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1733.189","end_time":"1733.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"1733.329","end_time":"1733.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1734.02","end_time":"1734.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.488","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1734.349","end_time":"1734.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1734.53","end_time":"1734.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1734.56","end_time":"1734.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"1734.76","end_time":"1735.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1735.359","end_time":"1735.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"these"}],"start_time":"1735.51","end_time":"1735.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"1735.77","end_time":"1736.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1736.189","end_time":"1736.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1736.88","end_time":"1737.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"1737.369","end_time":"1737.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1737.9","end_time":"1738.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"totally"}],"start_time":"1738.05","end_time":"1738.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1738.609","end_time":"1738.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saving"}],"start_time":"1738.92","end_time":"1739.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"1739.25","end_time":"1739.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"1739.54","end_time":"1740.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1740.26","end_time":"1740.4"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1740.41","end_time":"1740.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"1740.449","end_time":"1740.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"point"}],"start_time":"1740.92","end_time":"1741.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1741.16","end_time":"1741.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"1741.27","end_time":"1741.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.668","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"1741.81","end_time":"1742.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.826","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1742.05","end_time":"1742.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"1742.069","end_time":"1742.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1742.41","end_time":"1742.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1742.63","end_time":"1742.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1742.729","end_time":"1742.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"afford"}],"start_time":"1742.89","end_time":"1743.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"development"}],"start_time":"1743.229","end_time":"1743.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1743.739","end_time":"1744.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1744.27","end_time":"1744.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1744.43","end_time":"1744.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"US"}],"start_time":"1744.56","end_time":"1744.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1744.92","end_time":"1745.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"1745.13","end_time":"1745.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1745.969","end_time":"1746.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1746.26","end_time":"1746.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"some"}],"start_time":"1746.339","end_time":"1746.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"point"}],"start_time":"1746.599","end_time":"1746.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1746.78","end_time":"1746.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1746.8","end_time":"1746.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1746.969","end_time":"1747.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1747.109","end_time":"1747.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1747.42","end_time":"1747.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"win"}],"start_time":"1747.52","end_time":"1747.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1748.229","end_time":"1748.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1748.439","end_time":"1748.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1748.92","end_time":"1748.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1748.989","end_time":"1749.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"1749.18","end_time":"1749.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"1749.4","end_time":"1749.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1749.54","end_time":"1749.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1750.0","end_time":"1750.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1750.869","end_time":"1750.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1750.89","end_time":"1751.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"1751.579","end_time":"1751.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"support"}],"start_time":"1751.979","end_time":"1752.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"1752.38","end_time":"1752.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.891","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"1752.699","end_time":"1752.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"1753.0","end_time":"1753.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1753.28","end_time":"1753.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"1754.04","end_time":"1754.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1754.589","end_time":"1754.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1754.88","end_time":"1755.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1755.4","end_time":"1755.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1755.839","end_time":"1755.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"1755.959","end_time":"1756.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1756.16","end_time":"1756.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1756.28","end_time":"1756.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"skyrocket"}],"start_time":"1756.479","end_time":"1757.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1757.67","end_time":"1758.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1758.16","end_time":"1758.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"1758.189","end_time":"1758.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"1758.439","end_time":"1758.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"1758.67","end_time":"1758.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1758.78","end_time":"1759.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"today"}],"start_time":"1759.069","end_time":"1759.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"1759.76","end_time":"1759.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Also"}],"start_time":"1759.949","end_time":"1760.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1760.4","end_time":"1761.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1761.069","end_time":"1761.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1761.619","end_time":"1762.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"follow"}],"start_time":"1762.27","end_time":"1762.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1762.699","end_time":"1762.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"1762.91","end_time":"1763.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"1763.069","end_time":"1763.599"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1763.609","end_time":"1763.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"1763.689","end_time":"1763.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1763.989","end_time":"1764.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1764.13","end_time":"1764.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"1764.739","end_time":"1765.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"1765.349","end_time":"1765.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"looks"}],"start_time":"1765.64","end_time":"1766.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1766.29","end_time":"1766.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"1766.369","end_time":"1766.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1766.75","end_time":"1766.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1766.92","end_time":"1767.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.82","content":"UIUX"}],"start_time":"1767.13","end_time":"1767.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.582","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"1767.969","end_time":"1768.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1768.28","end_time":"1768.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"1768.38","end_time":"1768.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1768.569","end_time":"1768.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"1768.65","end_time":"1768.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"1768.849","end_time":"1769.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1770.089","end_time":"1770.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1770.27","end_time":"1770.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1770.29","end_time":"1770.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1770.51","end_time":"1770.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1770.75","end_time":"1770.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1770.949","end_time":"1770.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1770.969","end_time":"1771.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1771.239","end_time":"1771.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1771.359","end_time":"1771.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"organizations"}],"start_time":"1771.599","end_time":"1772.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1772.199","end_time":"1772.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"1772.449","end_time":"1772.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"1772.68","end_time":"1772.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1772.939","end_time":"1773.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1773.04","end_time":"1773.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.64","content":"Just"}],"start_time":"1773.4","end_time":"1773.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1773.63","end_time":"1774.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1774.29","end_time":"1774.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"1774.369","end_time":"1774.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1774.689","end_time":"1774.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1774.859","end_time":"1774.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"websites"}],"start_time":"1774.89","end_time":"1775.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1775.209","end_time":"1775.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"1775.52","end_time":"1775.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"great"}],"start_time":"1775.68","end_time":"1776.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"1776.01","end_time":"1776.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.82275","content":"Uiux"}],"start_time":"1776.18","end_time":"1776.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"1776.709","end_time":"1777.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1777.119","end_time":"1777.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1777.16","end_time":"1777.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"1777.329","end_time":"1777.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1777.609","end_time":"1777.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1777.66","end_time":"1777.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1777.88","end_time":"1777.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1777.939","end_time":"1778.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"at"}],"start_time":"1779.03","end_time":"1779.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1779.15","end_time":"1779.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1779.38","end_time":"1779.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1780.93","end_time":"1781.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1781.189","end_time":"1781.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"1781.27","end_time":"1781.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1781.63","end_time":"1781.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1781.77","end_time":"1781.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"see"}],"start_time":"1781.859","end_time":"1782.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Swedish"}],"start_time":"1782.02","end_time":"1782.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1782.489","end_time":"1783.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1783.06","end_time":"1783.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1783.189","end_time":"1783.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"see"}],"start_time":"1783.31","end_time":"1783.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1784.069","end_time":"1784.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1784.319","end_time":"1784.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"British"}],"start_time":"1784.38","end_time":"1784.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1784.93","end_time":"1785.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1785.65","end_time":"1785.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1785.959","end_time":"1786.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"1786.01","end_time":"1786.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1786.709","end_time":"1786.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"1786.78","end_time":"1787.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1787.479","end_time":"1787.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"1787.579","end_time":"1787.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1787.979","end_time":"1788.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1788.089","end_time":"1788.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1788.459","end_time":"1788.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"1788.68","end_time":"1789.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1789.68","end_time":"1789.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1789.709","end_time":"1790.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1790.01","end_time":"1790.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1790.209","end_time":"1790.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1790.319","end_time":"1790.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"weakness"}],"start_time":"1790.569","end_time":"1791.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1791.03","end_time":"1791.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1791.18","end_time":"1791.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1791.569","end_time":"1791.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1791.609","end_time":"1792.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1792.27","end_time":"1792.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"see"}],"start_time":"1792.459","end_time":"1792.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1792.75","end_time":"1792.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"changing"}],"start_time":"1792.78","end_time":"1793.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1793.239","end_time":"1793.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"little"}],"start_time":"1793.26","end_time":"1793.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"1793.67","end_time":"1793.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1793.829","end_time":"1794.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1794.01","end_time":"1794.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1794.119","end_time":"1794.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"Uiux"}],"start_time":"1794.339","end_time":"1794.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"designer"}],"start_time":"1794.849","end_time":"1795.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"influencers"}],"start_time":"1795.729","end_time":"1796.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1796.579","end_time":"1796.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"teach"}],"start_time":"1796.699","end_time":"1797.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87875","content":"Uiux"}],"start_time":"1797.29","end_time":"1797.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"design"}],"start_time":"1797.81","end_time":"1798.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1798.5","end_time":"1798.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1798.719","end_time":"1798.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1798.959","end_time":"1799.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"person"}],"start_time":"1799.25","end_time":"1799.92"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1800.569","end_time":"1800.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1800.89","end_time":"1801.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1801.04","end_time":"1801.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1801.14","end_time":"1801.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.644","content":"Urdu"}],"start_time":"1801.53","end_time":"1801.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"has"}],"start_time":"1801.81","end_time":"1801.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1801.959","end_time":"1801.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"role"}],"start_time":"1801.979","end_time":"1802.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1802.27","end_time":"1802.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"play"}],"start_time":"1802.349","end_time":"1802.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1802.569","end_time":"1802.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1802.67","end_time":"1803.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1803.339","end_time":"1803.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1803.93","end_time":"1804.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1804.199","end_time":"1804.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1804.43","end_time":"1804.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1804.609","end_time":"1804.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bringing"}],"start_time":"1804.689","end_time":"1805.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1805.089","end_time":"1805.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1805.28","end_time":"1805.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1805.819","end_time":"1806.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1806.229","end_time":"1806.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"these"}],"start_time":"1806.709","end_time":"1806.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"1806.819","end_time":"1807.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1807.52","end_time":"1807.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1807.829","end_time":"1807.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.818","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1807.92","end_time":"1808.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"getting"}],"start_time":"1808.14","end_time":"1808.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1808.489","end_time":"1808.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"1808.51","end_time":"1809.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"website"}],"start_time":"1809.099","end_time":"1809.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"automating"}],"start_time":"1809.829","end_time":"1810.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1810.52","end_time":"1810.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"1810.829","end_time":"1811.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.728","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1811.54","end_time":"1811.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1812.01","end_time":"1812.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9856666666666666","content":"CRM"}],"start_time":"1812.609","end_time":"1813.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1813.079","end_time":"1813.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"help"}],"start_time":"1813.579","end_time":"1813.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.72","content":"desk"}],"start_time":"1813.92","end_time":"1814.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tool"}],"start_time":"1814.14","end_time":"1814.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1814.52","end_time":"1814.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1814.68","end_time":"1814.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1814.9","end_time":"1815.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"1815.29","end_time":"1815.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"When"}],"start_time":"1815.819","end_time":"1816.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1816.01","end_time":"1816.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1816.089","end_time":"1816.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"1816.219","end_time":"1816.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"1816.459","end_time":"1816.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1816.819","end_time":"1816.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"1816.91","end_time":"1817.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perform"}],"start_time":"1817.06","end_time":"1817.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1817.369","end_time":"1818.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1818.239","end_time":"1818.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1818.63","end_time":"1818.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"1818.65","end_time":"1818.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"1818.9","end_time":"1819.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"1819.329","end_time":"1819.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1819.89","end_time":"1820.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1820.089","end_time":"1820.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"exactly"}],"start_time":"1820.239","end_time":"1820.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1820.67","end_time":"1820.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1820.9","end_time":"1820.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1820.93","end_time":"1821.17"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1821.18","end_time":"1821.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1821.219","end_time":"1821.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1821.5","end_time":"1821.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1821.709","end_time":"1822.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"relocated"}],"start_time":"1822.03","end_time":"1822.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"1822.699","end_time":"1823.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1823.01","end_time":"1823.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1823.13","end_time":"1823.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1823.42","end_time":"1823.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1823.5","end_time":"1823.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1823.65","end_time":"1824.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ok"}],"start_time":"1824.109","end_time":"1824.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1824.449","end_time":"1824.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1824.67","end_time":"1824.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1824.78","end_time":"1824.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1824.8","end_time":"1825.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"gap"}],"start_time":"1825.079","end_time":"1825.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1825.589","end_time":"1825.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1825.849","end_time":"1826.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1826.02","end_time":"1826.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1826.16","end_time":"1826.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1826.18","end_time":"1826.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1826.42","end_time":"1826.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1826.699","end_time":"1826.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1826.959","end_time":"1827.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1827.229","end_time":"1827.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"1827.38","end_time":"1827.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fast"}],"start_time":"1827.699","end_time":"1828.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1828.05","end_time":"1828.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"understanding"}],"start_time":"1828.3","end_time":"1829.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1829.26","end_time":"1829.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"1829.5","end_time":"1829.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1830.239","end_time":"1830.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1830.63","end_time":"1830.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1830.65","end_time":"1830.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1830.91","end_time":"1830.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"1831.0","end_time":"1831.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"1831.15","end_time":"1831.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1831.63","end_time":"1831.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"1831.77","end_time":"1831.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1832.0","end_time":"1832.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1832.349","end_time":"1832.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"spreadsheet"}],"start_time":"1832.43","end_time":"1832.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"today"}],"start_time":"1832.91","end_time":"1833.42"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1833.68","end_time":"1833.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1834.0","end_time":"1834.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1834.15","end_time":"1834.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"1834.469","end_time":"1834.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"tools"}],"start_time":"1834.79","end_time":"1835.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1835.829","end_time":"1835.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"tomorrow"}],"start_time":"1835.849","end_time":"1836.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1836.739","end_time":"1836.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1836.9","end_time":"1837.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1837.069","end_time":"1837.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1837.239","end_time":"1837.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1837.359","end_time":"1837.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"focusing"}],"start_time":"1837.459","end_time":"1837.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1837.839","end_time":"1837.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1837.91","end_time":"1838.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1838.03","end_time":"1838.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"today"}],"start_time":"1838.319","end_time":"1838.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"What"}],"start_time":"1839.78","end_time":"1840.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1840.13","end_time":"1840.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1840.229","end_time":"1840.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"1840.28","end_time":"1840.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1840.599","end_time":"1840.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1840.689","end_time":"1840.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"last"}],"start_time":"1840.719","end_time":"1841.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nine"}],"start_time":"1841.06","end_time":"1841.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"months"}],"start_time":"1841.209","end_time":"1841.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Have"}],"start_time":"1841.689","end_time":"1841.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1841.949","end_time":"1842.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"been"}],"start_time":"1842.04","end_time":"1842.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"1842.15","end_time":"1842.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1842.359","end_time":"1842.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"educate"}],"start_time":"1842.449","end_time":"1842.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1842.849","end_time":"1843.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1843.339","end_time":"1843.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1843.359","end_time":"1843.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1843.39","end_time":"1844.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1844.239","end_time":"1844.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1844.26","end_time":"1844.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1844.599","end_time":"1844.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1844.65","end_time":"1844.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1844.88","end_time":"1844.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"arrived"}],"start_time":"1844.959","end_time":"1845.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1845.5","end_time":"1845.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1845.66","end_time":"1845.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"1845.88","end_time":"1846.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1846.79","end_time":"1846.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"10"}],"start_time":"1846.81","end_time":"1847.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"new"}],"start_time":"1847.329","end_time":"1847.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"clients"}],"start_time":"1847.52","end_time":"1847.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1847.849","end_time":"1847.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"month"}],"start_time":"1847.979","end_time":"1848.349"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1848.369","end_time":"1848.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1848.64","end_time":"1848.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"1848.8","end_time":"1849.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1849.55","end_time":"1849.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"now"}],"start_time":"1849.849","end_time":"1849.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1849.89","end_time":"1850.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rhythm"}],"start_time":"1850.079","end_time":"1850.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1850.52","end_time":"1850.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1850.89","end_time":"1851.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1851.25","end_time":"1851.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"acquiring"}],"start_time":"1851.489","end_time":"1852.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1852.52","end_time":"1852.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"350"}],"start_time":"1852.869","end_time":"1853.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"new"}],"start_time":"1853.64","end_time":"1853.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"clients"}],"start_time":"1853.8","end_time":"1854.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1854.13","end_time":"1854.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"month"}],"start_time":"1854.25","end_time":"1854.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1855.25","end_time":"1855.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1855.56","end_time":"1855.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"1855.68","end_time":"1856.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1856.14","end_time":"1856.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1856.3","end_time":"1856.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1856.63","end_time":"1856.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"1856.92","end_time":"1857.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"waiting"}],"start_time":"1857.199","end_time":"1857.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"six"}],"start_time":"1857.449","end_time":"1857.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"months"}],"start_time":"1857.64","end_time":"1857.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.788","content":"It"}],"start_time":"1857.91","end_time":"1857.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1857.939","end_time":"1858.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"be"}],"start_time":"1858.069","end_time":"1858.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"1000"}],"start_time":"1858.239","end_time":"1858.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"new"}],"start_time":"1858.75","end_time":"1858.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"clients"}],"start_time":"1858.79","end_time":"1859.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"1859.13","end_time":"1859.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"month"}],"start_time":"1859.209","end_time":"1859.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"This"}],"start_time":"1859.319","end_time":"1859.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1859.739","end_time":"1859.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1859.829","end_time":"1860.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"word"}],"start_time":"1860.03","end_time":"1860.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1860.28","end_time":"1860.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mouth"}],"start_time":"1860.39","end_time":"1860.599"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1860.609","end_time":"1860.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"1861.02","end_time":"1861.42"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.541","content":"word"}],"start_time":"1861.43","end_time":"1861.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1861.589","end_time":"1861.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.633","content":"mouth"}],"start_time":"1861.77","end_time":"1861.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1862.43","end_time":"1862.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"1862.579","end_time":"1862.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"eyes"}],"start_time":"1862.969","end_time":"1863.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1863.119","end_time":"1863.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1863.14","end_time":"1863.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"1863.369","end_time":"1863.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"1863.479","end_time":"1863.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1863.65","end_time":"1863.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1863.869","end_time":"1864.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"brave"}],"start_time":"1864.099","end_time":"1864.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1864.9","end_time":"1865.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1865.3","end_time":"1865.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1865.449","end_time":"1865.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"1865.939","end_time":"1866.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1866.479","end_time":"1866.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"1866.68","end_time":"1867.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1867.739","end_time":"1867.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"1868.3","end_time":"1868.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1868.959","end_time":"1869.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1869.53","end_time":"1869.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1869.569","end_time":"1870.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1870.079","end_time":"1871.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1871.069","end_time":"1871.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"foreign"}],"start_time":"1871.089","end_time":"1871.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"brand"}],"start_time":"1871.76","end_time":"1872.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"No"}],"start_time":"1872.239","end_time":"1872.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.803","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"1872.739","end_time":"1873.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"wrong"}],"start_time":"1873.119","end_time":"1873.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1873.739","end_time":"1873.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"1873.979","end_time":"1874.349"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1874.359","end_time":"1874.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"1874.67","end_time":"1875.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"Really"}],"start_time":"1875.359","end_time":"1876.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1876.089","end_time":"1876.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.454","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1876.319","end_time":"1876.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1876.349","end_time":"1877.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1877.369","end_time":"1877.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"I'll"}],"start_time":"1877.51","end_time":"1877.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"1877.829","end_time":"1878.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1878.06","end_time":"1878.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"where"}],"start_time":"1878.13","end_time":"1878.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"1878.369","end_time":"1878.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"1878.489","end_time":"1878.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"1878.79","end_time":"1879.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"All"}],"start_time":"1879.31","end_time":"1879.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"1879.839","end_time":"1880.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigner"}],"start_time":"1880.39","end_time":"1881.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"friends"}],"start_time":"1881.069","end_time":"1881.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"who"}],"start_time":"1881.55","end_time":"1881.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1881.739","end_time":"1881.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"1881.839","end_time":"1882.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1882.17","end_time":"1882.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"set"}],"start_time":"1882.29","end_time":"1882.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"1882.489","end_time":"1882.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1882.63","end_time":"1883.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1883.03","end_time":"1883.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1883.069","end_time":"1883.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"They"}],"start_time":"1883.729","end_time":"1884.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1884.15","end_time":"1884.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"trouble"}],"start_time":"1884.51","end_time":"1885.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1885.68","end_time":"1886.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1886.28","end_time":"1886.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"understanding"}],"start_time":"1886.75","end_time":"1887.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1887.579","end_time":"1887.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1887.67","end_time":"1887.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"1887.9","end_time":"1888.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"1889.369","end_time":"1889.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1889.67","end_time":"1889.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"1889.79","end_time":"1890.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"1890.03","end_time":"1890.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1890.14","end_time":"1890.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1890.239","end_time":"1890.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1890.319","end_time":"1890.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"1890.739","end_time":"1890.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"1890.829","end_time":"1891.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"why"}],"start_time":"1891.15","end_time":"1891.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1891.5","end_time":"1891.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1891.589","end_time":"1891.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1891.829","end_time":"1891.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"come"}],"start_time":"1891.939","end_time":"1892.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"1892.329","end_time":"1892.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1893.14","end_time":"1893.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1893.219","end_time":"1893.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1893.689","end_time":"1893.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.485","content":"wouldn't"}],"start_time":"1893.939","end_time":"1894.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1894.339","end_time":"1894.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"never"}],"start_time":"1894.609","end_time":"1894.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"1894.9","end_time":"1895.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1895.26","end_time":"1895.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1895.469","end_time":"1895.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.815","content":"wouldn't"}],"start_time":"1895.51","end_time":"1895.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1895.819","end_time":"1896.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"relocated"}],"start_time":"1896.01","end_time":"1896.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"1896.829","end_time":"1897.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"1897.27","end_time":"1897.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1899.67","end_time":"1900.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1900.609","end_time":"1901.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1901.15","end_time":"1901.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1901.28","end_time":"1901.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1901.54","end_time":"1902.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"compared"}],"start_time":"1902.02","end_time":"1902.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1902.55","end_time":"1902.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1902.709","end_time":"1902.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"China"}],"start_time":"1902.75","end_time":"1903.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"1903.39","end_time":"1904.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1904.14","end_time":"1904.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1904.75","end_time":"1905.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1905.119","end_time":"1905.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"1905.359","end_time":"1905.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"democracy"}],"start_time":"1905.38","end_time":"1906.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"1906.209","end_time":"1906.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1906.709","end_time":"1906.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1906.739","end_time":"1907.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"international"}],"start_time":"1907.64","end_time":"1908.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"A"}],"start_time":"1908.5","end_time":"1908.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"1908.68","end_time":"1909.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1909.189","end_time":"1909.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1909.31","end_time":"1909.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1909.599","end_time":"1909.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"1909.65","end_time":"1909.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"English"}],"start_time":"1909.959","end_time":"1910.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1910.28","end_time":"1910.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"1910.3","end_time":"1910.599"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1910.609","end_time":"1910.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1910.92","end_time":"1911.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"checks"}],"start_time":"1911.02","end_time":"1911.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"1911.329","end_time":"1911.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1911.63","end_time":"1911.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.669","content":"checkbook"}],"start_time":"1911.729","end_time":"1912.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1912.079","end_time":"1912.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"green"}],"start_time":"1912.199","end_time":"1912.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1912.5","end_time":"1912.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1912.55","end_time":"1912.92"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.651","content":"What"}],"start_time":"1912.93","end_time":"1913.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1913.319","end_time":"1913.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1913.469","end_time":"1913.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1913.56","end_time":"1913.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"check"}],"start_time":"1913.64","end_time":"1913.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"boxes"}],"start_time":"1913.81","end_time":"1914.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1914.219","end_time":"1914.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1914.38","end_time":"1914.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"But"}],"start_time":"1914.89","end_time":"1915.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1915.13","end_time":"1915.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"English"}],"start_time":"1915.75","end_time":"1916.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"1916.13","end_time":"1916.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1916.479","end_time":"1916.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1917.25","end_time":"1917.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"1917.66","end_time":"1918.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"1918.25","end_time":"1918.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1918.52","end_time":"1918.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"1918.64","end_time":"1919.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"1919.18","end_time":"1919.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1919.979","end_time":"1919.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1920.0","end_time":"1920.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1920.52","end_time":"1920.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1920.76","end_time":"1920.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"growth"}],"start_time":"1920.89","end_time":"1921.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expansion"}],"start_time":"1921.28","end_time":"1921.9"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"GDP"}],"start_time":"1921.91","end_time":"1922.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"1922.319","end_time":"1923.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1923.3","end_time":"1923.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1923.52","end_time":"1923.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1923.66","end_time":"1923.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1923.79","end_time":"1924.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"these"}],"start_time":"1924.16","end_time":"1924.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.746","content":"two"}],"start_time":"1924.619","end_time":"1924.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"alone"}],"start_time":"1924.729","end_time":"1925.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1925.369","end_time":"1925.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"think"}],"start_time":"1925.53","end_time":"1926.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"10"}],"start_time":"1926.079","end_time":"1926.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"1926.5","end_time":"1926.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"1926.699","end_time":"1926.869"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"1926.88","end_time":"1927.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1927.209","end_time":"1927.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"1927.349","end_time":"1927.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1927.64","end_time":"1927.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"BRICS"}],"start_time":"1927.8","end_time":"1928.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1928.28","end_time":"1928.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1928.41","end_time":"1928.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1928.489","end_time":"1928.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Brazil"}],"start_time":"1928.939","end_time":"1929.599"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Russia"}],"start_time":"1929.609","end_time":"1930.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1930.109","end_time":"1930.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"China"}],"start_time":"1930.469","end_time":"1931.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1931.02","end_time":"1931.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"1931.239","end_time":"1931.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"1931.479","end_time":"1931.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"1931.969","end_time":"1932.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1932.119","end_time":"1932.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"1932.229","end_time":"1932.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1932.439","end_time":"1932.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"invest"}],"start_time":"1932.52","end_time":"1933.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Brazil"}],"start_time":"1933.239","end_time":"1933.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"inflation"}],"start_time":"1933.949","end_time":"1934.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"1934.88","end_time":"1935.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"killing"}],"start_time":"1935.17","end_time":"1935.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"1935.479","end_time":"1936.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Russia"}],"start_time":"1936.26","end_time":"1936.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1936.81","end_time":"1936.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1936.959","end_time":"1937.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"war"}],"start_time":"1937.04","end_time":"1937.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"1937.81","end_time":"1938.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1938.089","end_time":"1938.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"rupees"}],"start_time":"1938.5","end_time":"1938.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1938.969","end_time":"1939.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"been"}],"start_time":"1939.16","end_time":"1939.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"divided"}],"start_time":"1939.31","end_time":"1939.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"by"}],"start_time":"1939.77","end_time":"1939.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"three"}],"start_time":"1939.979","end_time":"1940.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1940.64","end_time":"1941.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1941.219","end_time":"1941.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1941.329","end_time":"1941.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"war"}],"start_time":"1941.449","end_time":"1941.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"1942.01","end_time":"1942.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"impossible"}],"start_time":"1942.689","end_time":"1943.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"1943.329","end_time":"1943.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"foreigners"}],"start_time":"1943.52","end_time":"1944.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1944.319","end_time":"1944.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.776","content":"everything's"}],"start_time":"1944.67","end_time":"1945.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"closed"}],"start_time":"1945.03","end_time":"1945.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1945.459","end_time":"1945.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"even"}],"start_time":"1945.54","end_time":"1945.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1945.739","end_time":"1945.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1945.849","end_time":"1945.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"succeed"}],"start_time":"1945.93","end_time":"1946.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1946.329","end_time":"1946.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"government"}],"start_time":"1946.449","end_time":"1946.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1946.939","end_time":"1947.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"catch"}],"start_time":"1947.15","end_time":"1947.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"1947.369","end_time":"1947.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1947.489","end_time":"1947.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1947.949","end_time":"1948.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"acquire"}],"start_time":"1948.069","end_time":"1948.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1948.39","end_time":"1948.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1949.02","end_time":"1949.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"1949.25","end_time":"1950.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"missing"}],"start_time":"1950.01","end_time":"1950.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.83","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1950.479","end_time":"1950.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1950.93","end_time":"1951.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1951.02","end_time":"1951.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"BRIC"}],"start_time":"1951.14","end_time":"1951.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"today"}],"start_time":"1951.329","end_time":"1951.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1951.77","end_time":"1951.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1951.969","end_time":"1952.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1952.92","end_time":"1953.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1953.089","end_time":"1953.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"1953.26","end_time":"1953.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1953.31","end_time":"1953.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1953.39","end_time":"1953.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"1953.479","end_time":"1953.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1953.739","end_time":"1953.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1953.9","end_time":"1954.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1954.18","end_time":"1954.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"invest"}],"start_time":"1954.31","end_time":"1954.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"1954.689","end_time":"1954.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1954.78","end_time":"1954.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1954.89","end_time":"1955.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"1955.56","end_time":"1955.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"1955.75","end_time":"1955.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1955.92","end_time":"1955.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"1955.939","end_time":"1956.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1956.06","end_time":"1956.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"1956.15","end_time":"1956.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.706","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1956.38","end_time":"1956.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"second"}],"start_time":"1956.439","end_time":"1956.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"1956.829","end_time":"1957.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1957.349","end_time":"1957.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1957.4","end_time":"1957.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"1957.67","end_time":"1957.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1957.869","end_time":"1958.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"too"}],"start_time":"1958.099","end_time":"1958.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Really"}],"start_time":"1958.55","end_time":"1959.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"1959.31","end_time":"1959.88"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"1959.89","end_time":"1960.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"is"}],"start_time":"1960.109","end_time":"1960.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"no"}],"start_time":"1960.17","end_time":"1960.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"1960.31","end_time":"1960.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1960.599","end_time":"1961.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"1961.089","end_time":"1961.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1961.359","end_time":"1961.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"level"}],"start_time":"1961.449","end_time":"1961.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1961.77","end_time":"1961.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opportunities"}],"start_time":"1961.859","end_time":"1962.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Wow"}],"start_time":"1963.05","end_time":"1963.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"!"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"1963.849","end_time":"1964.349"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Very"}],"start_time":"1964.359","end_time":"1964.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"1964.699","end_time":"1964.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"1964.859","end_time":"1965.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"1965.819","end_time":"1966.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"honestly"}],"start_time":"1966.64","end_time":"1967.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1967.089","end_time":"1967.369"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"1967.38","end_time":"1967.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1967.479","end_time":"1967.829"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"love"}],"start_time":"1967.839","end_time":"1968.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hearing"}],"start_time":"1968.089","end_time":"1968.4"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"was"}],"start_time":"1968.41","end_time":"1968.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"1968.54","end_time":"1968.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"love"}],"start_time":"1968.819","end_time":"1969.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hearing"}],"start_time":"1969.3","end_time":"1969.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigners"}],"start_time":"1969.76","end_time":"1970.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"1970.199","end_time":"1970.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1970.489","end_time":"1970.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1970.719","end_time":"1971.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1971.319","end_time":"1971.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1972.27","end_time":"1972.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1972.52","end_time":"1973.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"1973.089","end_time":"1973.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"1973.119","end_time":"1973.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"1973.239","end_time":"1973.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1973.439","end_time":"1973.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1973.54","end_time":"1973.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"1973.88","end_time":"1974.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1974.16","end_time":"1974.63"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"1974.64","end_time":"1974.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"1974.979","end_time":"1975.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"1975.15","end_time":"1975.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1975.75","end_time":"1976.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1976.119","end_time":"1976.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1976.3","end_time":"1976.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"go"}],"start_time":"1976.319","end_time":"1976.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"1976.729","end_time":"1977.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"1977.15","end_time":"1977.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1977.26","end_time":"1977.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"1977.28","end_time":"1977.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1977.66","end_time":"1977.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1977.729","end_time":"1977.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"1977.969","end_time":"1978.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expanding"}],"start_time":"1978.199","end_time":"1978.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1978.689","end_time":"1978.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"businesses"}],"start_time":"1978.75","end_time":"1979.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"1979.17","end_time":"1979.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1979.28","end_time":"1979.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"1979.91","end_time":"1980.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"1980.119","end_time":"1980.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"1980.439","end_time":"1980.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"1980.589","end_time":"1980.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"1980.949","end_time":"1981.15"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yeah"}],"start_time":"1981.16","end_time":"1981.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"1981.209","end_time":"1981.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"we're"}],"start_time":"1981.4","end_time":"1981.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"1981.51","end_time":"1981.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"1981.68","end_time":"1981.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1981.88","end_time":"1981.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1981.949","end_time":"1982.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1982.3","end_time":"1982.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"1982.339","end_time":"1982.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mind"}],"start_time":"1982.609","end_time":"1982.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"completely"}],"start_time":"1982.939","end_time":"1983.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"1983.619","end_time":"1983.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"1983.959","end_time":"1984.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"1984.589","end_time":"1984.67"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"1984.68","end_time":"1984.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"world"}],"start_time":"1984.75","end_time":"1984.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"1984.88","end_time":"1985.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"1985.13","end_time":"1985.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1985.599","end_time":"1986.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.589","content":"um"}],"start_time":"1986.27","end_time":"1986.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.719","content":"so"}],"start_time":"1986.3","end_time":"1986.9"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.853","content":"our"}],"start_time":"1986.91","end_time":"1986.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"1986.939","end_time":"1987.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1987.27","end_time":"1987.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"1987.369","end_time":"1987.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"400"}],"start_time":"1987.449","end_time":"1988.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"1988.05","end_time":"1988.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.892","content":"turnover"}],"start_time":"1988.76","end_time":"1989.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.799","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"1989.979","end_time":"1990.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966666666666667","content":"550"}],"start_time":"1991.069","end_time":"1992.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1992.39","end_time":"1992.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"year"}],"start_time":"1992.53","end_time":"1992.829"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"1993.469","end_time":"1994.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1994.15","end_time":"1994.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"1994.78","end_time":"1995.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"1995.02","end_time":"1995.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"1995.16","end_time":"1995.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"five"}],"start_time":"1995.66","end_time":"1996.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"1996.02","end_time":"1996.579"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"1996.849","end_time":"1997.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"1997.079","end_time":"1997.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1997.239","end_time":"1997.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"said"}],"start_time":"1997.28","end_time":"1997.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1997.619","end_time":"1997.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"1997.66","end_time":"1997.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"1997.939","end_time":"1998.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"1998.199","end_time":"1998.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"1998.319","end_time":"1998.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"1998.579","end_time":"1998.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"1998.88","end_time":"1998.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bet"}],"start_time":"1998.9","end_time":"1999.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"1999.17","end_time":"1999.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"1999.28","end_time":"1999.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"1999.4","end_time":"1999.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"1999.689","end_time":"1999.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.691","content":"would"}],"start_time":"1999.939","end_time":"2000.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2000.01","end_time":"2000.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.542","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2000.05","end_time":"2000.079"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2000.089","end_time":"2000.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2000.439","end_time":"2000.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"five"}],"start_time":"2000.53","end_time":"2000.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"2000.78","end_time":"2001.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2001.05","end_time":"2001.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2001.14","end_time":"2001.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2001.28","end_time":"2001.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2002.05","end_time":"2002.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2002.619","end_time":"2002.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2002.739","end_time":"2002.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2003.0","end_time":"2003.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2003.239","end_time":"2003.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"500"}],"start_time":"2003.339","end_time":"2003.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2003.93","end_time":"2003.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2003.989","end_time":"2004.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"group"}],"start_time":"2004.069","end_time":"2004.369"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2004.38","end_time":"2004.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"2004.42","end_time":"2004.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.568","content":"would"}],"start_time":"2004.66","end_time":"2004.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"would"}],"start_time":"2004.819","end_time":"2005.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.85","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2005.16","end_time":"2005.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2005.209","end_time":"2005.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2006.05","end_time":"2006.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2006.3","end_time":"2006.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2006.42","end_time":"2006.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2006.739","end_time":"2007.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2007.02","end_time":"2007.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"see"}],"start_time":"2007.239","end_time":"2007.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2007.469","end_time":"2007.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opportunity"}],"start_time":"2007.579","end_time":"2007.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2008.0","end_time":"2008.13"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2008.14","end_time":"2008.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2008.199","end_time":"2008.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2008.439","end_time":"2008.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"right"}],"start_time":"2008.55","end_time":"2009.13"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2009.14","end_time":"2009.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2009.229","end_time":"2009.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2009.52","end_time":"2009.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2009.699","end_time":"2010.099"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2010.109","end_time":"2010.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"biggest"}],"start_time":"2010.209","end_time":"2010.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"2010.579","end_time":"2010.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2010.949","end_time":"2011.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2011.02","end_time":"2011.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"2011.089","end_time":"2011.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2011.31","end_time":"2011.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.515","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2011.599","end_time":"2011.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.164","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2011.859","end_time":"2012.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9983333333333334","content":"700,000"}],"start_time":"2012.5","end_time":"2013.579"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"2013.609","end_time":"2013.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2013.949","end_time":"2014.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.756","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"2014.16","end_time":"2014.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2015.14","end_time":"2015.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2015.739","end_time":"2016.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"largest"}],"start_time":"2016.05","end_time":"2016.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2016.54","end_time":"2016.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2016.77","end_time":"2016.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"2016.859","end_time":"2017.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2017.319","end_time":"2017.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"2017.42","end_time":"2017.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"us"}],"start_time":"2017.849","end_time":"2018.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2018.01","end_time":"2018.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99475","content":"5000"}],"start_time":"2018.209","end_time":"2019.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"2019.15","end_time":"2019.65"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"4000"}],"start_time":"2020.03","end_time":"2020.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2020.719","end_time":"2020.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"2020.869","end_time":"2021.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"1500"}],"start_time":"2021.349","end_time":"2023.15"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2023.16","end_time":"2023.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"2023.239","end_time":"2023.619"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"2023.81","end_time":"2024.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2024.199","end_time":"2024.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"largest"}],"start_time":"2024.31","end_time":"2025.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgian"}],"start_time":"2025.13","end_time":"2025.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2025.689","end_time":"2026.099"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2026.109","end_time":"2026.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2026.53","end_time":"2027.38"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2027.39","end_time":"2027.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"2027.51","end_time":"2028.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"One"}],"start_time":"2028.209","end_time":"2028.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2028.579","end_time":"2028.65"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2028.66","end_time":"2028.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"largest"}],"start_time":"2028.76","end_time":"2029.88"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.71","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2030.13","end_time":"2030.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.609","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2030.479","end_time":"2030.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"every"}],"start_time":"2030.52","end_time":"2030.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sector"}],"start_time":"2030.719","end_time":"2031.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.523","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2031.67","end_time":"2031.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2031.849","end_time":"2032.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2032.04","end_time":"2032.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2032.13","end_time":"2032.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"largest"}],"start_time":"2032.199","end_time":"2032.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"2032.709","end_time":"2033.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2033.119","end_time":"2033.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"2033.239","end_time":"2033.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2033.729","end_time":"2033.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2033.9","end_time":"2033.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"founder"}],"start_time":"2033.989","end_time":"2034.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2034.369","end_time":"2034.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2034.459","end_time":"2034.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2034.55","end_time":"2035.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"2035.03","end_time":"2035.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"2035.3","end_time":"2035.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2035.939","end_time":"2036.329"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2036.339","end_time":"2036.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2036.5","end_time":"2036.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"2036.619","end_time":"2036.92"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"valued"}],"start_time":"2036.93","end_time":"2037.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.725","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2037.52","end_time":"2037.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.471","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2038.76","end_time":"2038.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2038.839","end_time":"2038.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"least"}],"start_time":"2038.949","end_time":"2039.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2039.28","end_time":"2039.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2039.349","end_time":"2039.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"top"}],"start_time":"2039.469","end_time":"2039.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"10"}],"start_time":"2039.829","end_time":"2040.17"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"most"}],"start_time":"2040.18","end_time":"2040.599"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"valued"}],"start_time":"2040.609","end_time":"2041.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.629","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"2041.03","end_time":"2041.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2041.239","end_time":"2041.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.527","content":"multibillionaire"}],"start_time":"2041.26","end_time":"2042.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"European"}],"start_time":"2042.52","end_time":"2043.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"founder"}],"start_time":"2043.28","end_time":"2043.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"who's"}],"start_time":"2043.76","end_time":"2043.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"moved"}],"start_time":"2043.959","end_time":"2044.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2044.26","end_time":"2044.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.414","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"2044.369","end_time":"2044.63"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"2046.39","end_time":"2046.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"why"}],"start_time":"2046.67","end_time":"2046.869"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2046.88","end_time":"2046.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2046.949","end_time":"2047.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"friend"}],"start_time":"2047.439","end_time":"2047.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"calls"}],"start_time":"2047.76","end_time":"2048.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2048.02","end_time":"2048.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2048.149","end_time":"2048.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Slumdog"}],"start_time":"2048.27","end_time":"2048.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.829","content":"billionaires"}],"start_time":"2048.62","end_time":"2049.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"2050.37","end_time":"2050.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"does"}],"start_time":"2050.76","end_time":"2050.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2050.85","end_time":"2050.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"2050.879","end_time":"2051.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"being"}],"start_time":"2051.1","end_time":"2051.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2051.239","end_time":"2051.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"billionaire"}],"start_time":"2051.26","end_time":"2051.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.838","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2052.62","end_time":"2052.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2053.33","end_time":"2053.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2053.659","end_time":"2053.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2053.86","end_time":"2054.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2054.02","end_time":"2054.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2054.34","end_time":"2055.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2055.149","end_time":"2055.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2055.169","end_time":"2055.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2055.57","end_time":"2055.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2055.989","end_time":"2056.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2056.159","end_time":"2056.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bank"}],"start_time":"2056.33","end_time":"2056.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"account"}],"start_time":"2056.54","end_time":"2056.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2056.84","end_time":"2056.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2056.949","end_time":"2057.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"rich"}],"start_time":"2057.139","end_time":"2057.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2057.879","end_time":"2058.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2058.02","end_time":"2058.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bank"}],"start_time":"2058.219","end_time":"2058.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"account"}],"start_time":"2058.459","end_time":"2058.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2058.83","end_time":"2059.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2059.02","end_time":"2059.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2059.06","end_time":"2059.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2059.33","end_time":"2059.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2059.429","end_time":"2059.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2059.449","end_time":"2059.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2059.61","end_time":"2059.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2059.689","end_time":"2060.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2060.04","end_time":"2060.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2060.1","end_time":"2060.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pocket"}],"start_time":"2060.199","end_time":"2060.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2060.83","end_time":"2060.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.766","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2060.86","end_time":"2060.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2061.179","end_time":"2062.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2062.149","end_time":"2062.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"2062.26","end_time":"2062.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2062.879","end_time":"2062.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"own"}],"start_time":"2062.899","end_time":"2063.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2063.25","end_time":"2063.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2063.409","end_time":"2063.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"shares"}],"start_time":"2063.79","end_time":"2064.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2064.179","end_time":"2064.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2064.31","end_time":"2064.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2064.33","end_time":"2064.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.764","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2065.37","end_time":"2066.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.636","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2066.04","end_time":"2066.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2066.179","end_time":"2066.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2066.379","end_time":"2066.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"2066.459","end_time":"2066.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2066.8","end_time":"2066.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2066.929","end_time":"2066.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2066.949","end_time":"2067.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2067.56","end_time":"2067.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2067.8","end_time":"2067.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2067.959","end_time":"2068.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2068.1","end_time":"2068.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2068.54","end_time":"2069.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2069.3","end_time":"2069.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2069.639","end_time":"2069.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2069.659","end_time":"2070.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2070.05","end_time":"2070.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2070.179","end_time":"2070.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"main"}],"start_time":"2070.26","end_time":"2070.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"shareholder"}],"start_time":"2070.5","end_time":"2071.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2071.59","end_time":"2071.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2071.82","end_time":"2072.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2072.11","end_time":"2072.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2072.26","end_time":"2072.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2072.489","end_time":"2072.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2072.51","end_time":"2072.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2072.86","end_time":"2072.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2072.889","end_time":"2073.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2073.02","end_time":"2073.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2073.32","end_time":"2073.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"2073.419","end_time":"2073.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2073.85","end_time":"2073.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2073.979","end_time":"2074.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"buying"}],"start_time":"2074.11","end_time":"2074.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2074.379","end_time":"2074.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cars"}],"start_time":"2074.629","end_time":"2075.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2075.04","end_time":"2075.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2075.12","end_time":"2075.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"buying"}],"start_time":"2075.26","end_time":"2075.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2075.51","end_time":"2075.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"houses"}],"start_time":"2075.659","end_time":"2076.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2076.62","end_time":"2076.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2076.659","end_time":"2076.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"live"}],"start_time":"2076.979","end_time":"2077.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2077.37","end_time":"2077.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.585","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2077.429","end_time":"2077.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2077.449","end_time":"2077.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"2077.689","end_time":"2077.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"house"}],"start_time":"2077.949","end_time":"2078.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2078.179","end_time":"2078.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2078.409","end_time":"2078.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"2078.51","end_time":"2078.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"2078.929","end_time":"2079.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2079.919","end_time":"2080.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2080.149","end_time":"2080.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2080.37","end_time":"2080.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2080.51","end_time":"2080.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2080.659","end_time":"2080.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2080.78","end_time":"2081.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2081.07","end_time":"2081.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2081.81","end_time":"2082.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2082.219","end_time":"2082.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"richness"}],"start_time":"2082.78","end_time":"2083.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2083.379","end_time":"2083.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2083.729","end_time":"2083.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2083.909","end_time":"2084.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2084.07","end_time":"2084.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"great"}],"start_time":"2084.09","end_time":"2084.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2084.409","end_time":"2084.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2084.75","end_time":"2084.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2084.939","end_time":"2085.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.737","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2085.03","end_time":"2085.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.708","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2085.07","end_time":"2085.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2085.379","end_time":"2085.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2085.56","end_time":"2085.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2085.58","end_time":"2085.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"plan"}],"start_time":"2085.82","end_time":"2086.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2086.1","end_time":"2086.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"2086.26","end_time":"2086.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2086.58","end_time":"2086.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"shares"}],"start_time":"2086.729","end_time":"2087.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2087.1","end_time":"2087.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2087.209","end_time":"2087.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2087.34","end_time":"2087.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2087.52","end_time":"2087.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2087.739","end_time":"2087.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2087.76","end_time":"2087.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"convert"}],"start_time":"2087.879","end_time":"2088.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2088.219","end_time":"2088.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"2088.34","end_time":"2088.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"2088.52","end_time":"2088.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2088.8","end_time":"2088.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2088.82","end_time":"2088.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"2088.979","end_time":"2089.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"keep"}],"start_time":"2089.29","end_time":"2089.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2089.54","end_time":"2089.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2089.58","end_time":"2089.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2089.76","end_time":"2090.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"You'll"}],"start_time":"2091.3","end_time":"2091.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2091.6","end_time":"2092.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2092.01","end_time":"2092.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2092.199","end_time":"2092.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"grow"}],"start_time":"2092.239","end_time":"2092.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2092.449","end_time":"2092.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2092.84","end_time":"2092.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2092.949","end_time":"2093.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sake"}],"start_time":"2093.06","end_time":"2093.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2093.25","end_time":"2093.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2093.33","end_time":"2093.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2093.459","end_time":"2093.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2093.5","end_time":"2093.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2094.05","end_time":"2094.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2094.219","end_time":"2094.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2094.52","end_time":"2094.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2094.679","end_time":"2094.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"2094.739","end_time":"2094.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"less"}],"start_time":"2095.0","end_time":"2095.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.519","content":"interest"}],"start_time":"2095.229","end_time":"2095.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.854","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2095.699","end_time":"2095.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2095.729","end_time":"2095.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.573","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2095.969","end_time":"2096.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2096.06","end_time":"2096.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.487","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2096.229","end_time":"2096.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"2096.26","end_time":"2096.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2096.57","end_time":"2096.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"interesting"}],"start_time":"2096.75","end_time":"2097.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2097.11","end_time":"2097.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2097.229","end_time":"2097.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2097.6","end_time":"2097.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2097.62","end_time":"2097.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2097.919","end_time":"2097.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"2097.939","end_time":"2098.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"2098.189","end_time":"2098.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2098.32","end_time":"2098.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2098.449","end_time":"2098.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"beach"}],"start_time":"2098.53","end_time":"2098.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2098.969","end_time":"2099.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2099.05","end_time":"2099.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"could"}],"start_time":"2099.07","end_time":"2099.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"2099.229","end_time":"2099.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2099.33","end_time":"2099.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2099.659","end_time":"2100.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"boring"}],"start_time":"2100.01","end_time":"2100.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2100.989","end_time":"2102.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.683","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2102.379","end_time":"2103.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"In"}],"start_time":"2103.1","end_time":"2103.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2103.26","end_time":"2103.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"other"}],"start_time":"2103.5","end_time":"2103.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hand"}],"start_time":"2103.61","end_time":"2103.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2103.959","end_time":"2103.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2103.979","end_time":"2104.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2104.439","end_time":"2104.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"start_time":"2104.459","end_time":"2104.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2105.0","end_time":"2105.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2105.25","end_time":"2105.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2105.61","end_time":"2105.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2105.79","end_time":"2106.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2106.219","end_time":"2106.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2106.51","end_time":"2106.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2106.62","end_time":"2106.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2106.909","end_time":"2107.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2107.01","end_time":"2107.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.773","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2107.649","end_time":"2107.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"2107.79","end_time":"2108.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2108.449","end_time":"2108.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"2108.669","end_time":"2108.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"impact"}],"start_time":"2108.739","end_time":"2109.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2109.1","end_time":"2109.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"2109.219","end_time":"2109.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2109.61","end_time":"2109.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2109.699","end_time":"2110.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"2110.52","end_time":"2110.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"great"}],"start_time":"2110.949","end_time":"2111.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2111.199","end_time":"2111.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"2111.629","end_time":"2111.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2111.76","end_time":"2111.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reward"}],"start_time":"2111.899","end_time":"2112.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"us"}],"start_time":"2112.34","end_time":"2112.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"every"}],"start_time":"2112.419","end_time":"2112.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"day"}],"start_time":"2112.669","end_time":"2112.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"telling"}],"start_time":"2112.879","end_time":"2113.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"us"}],"start_time":"2113.199","end_time":"2113.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"our"}],"start_time":"2113.25","end_time":"2113.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2113.459","end_time":"2113.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2113.889","end_time":"2113.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2113.989","end_time":"2114.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"2114.3","end_time":"2114.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2114.639","end_time":"2114.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"2114.75","end_time":"2114.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2114.949","end_time":"2115.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"2115.03","end_time":"2115.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2115.239","end_time":"2115.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2115.649","end_time":"2115.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2115.699","end_time":"2116.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2116.02","end_time":"2116.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2116.31","end_time":"2116.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"great"}],"start_time":"2116.419","end_time":"2116.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2116.78","end_time":"2116.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"2116.909","end_time":"2117.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2117.139","end_time":"2117.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2117.379","end_time":"2117.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2117.54","end_time":"2117.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2117.699","end_time":"2117.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"2117.719","end_time":"2117.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"afford"}],"start_time":"2117.929","end_time":"2118.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2118.219","end_time":"2118.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2118.34","end_time":"2118.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2119.239","end_time":"2119.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"2120.33","end_time":"2120.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2120.58","end_time":"2120.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"son"}],"start_time":"2120.879","end_time":"2121.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2121.719","end_time":"2121.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2121.899","end_time":"2122.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2122.09","end_time":"2122.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"son"}],"start_time":"2122.11","end_time":"2122.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"2122.5","end_time":"2122.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"If"}],"start_time":"2123.04","end_time":"2123.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2123.26","end_time":"2123.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"son"}],"start_time":"2123.379","end_time":"2123.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"comes"}],"start_time":"2123.56","end_time":"2123.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"2123.83","end_time":"2123.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2123.949","end_time":"2124.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2124.08","end_time":"2124.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2124.209","end_time":"2124.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"says"}],"start_time":"2124.33","end_time":"2124.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hey"}],"start_time":"2124.719","end_time":"2125.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"billionaire"}],"start_time":"2125.01","end_time":"2125.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"dad"}],"start_time":"2125.439","end_time":"2125.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2125.879","end_time":"2125.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2125.929","end_time":"2126.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2126.31","end_time":"2126.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Ferrari"}],"start_time":"2126.33","end_time":"2126.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"2126.909","end_time":"2127.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2127.12","end_time":"2127.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2127.169","end_time":"2127.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.662","content":"going"}],"start_time":"2127.25","end_time":"2127.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.66","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2127.32","end_time":"2127.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"2127.389","end_time":"2127.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"him"}],"start_time":"2127.58","end_time":"2127.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"No"}],"start_time":"2127.78","end_time":"2128.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2128.27","end_time":"2128.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"2128.29","end_time":"2128.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2128.55","end_time":"2128.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2128.889","end_time":"2129.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2129.379","end_time":"2129.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2129.459","end_time":"2129.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2129.739","end_time":"2129.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"2129.84","end_time":"2130.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2130.05","end_time":"2130.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"2130.129","end_time":"2130.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"2130.889","end_time":"2131.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2131.11","end_time":"2131.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2131.399","end_time":"2131.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2131.54","end_time":"2131.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2131.679","end_time":"2132.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"2132.209","end_time":"2132.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2132.36","end_time":"2132.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"going"}],"start_time":"2132.419","end_time":"2132.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2132.59","end_time":"2132.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"give"}],"start_time":"2132.639","end_time":"2132.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2132.81","end_time":"2132.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2132.909","end_time":"2132.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2132.979","end_time":"2133.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2133.219","end_time":"2133.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2133.28","end_time":"2133.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"2133.389","end_time":"2133.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2134.25","end_time":"2134.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2134.6","end_time":"2134.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2134.85","end_time":"2135.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"give"}],"start_time":"2135.11","end_time":"2135.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2135.409","end_time":"2135.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2135.689","end_time":"2135.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2135.709","end_time":"2136.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2137.199","end_time":"2137.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2137.52","end_time":"2137.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"give"}],"start_time":"2137.55","end_time":"2137.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2137.84","end_time":"2137.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2137.989","end_time":"2138.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2138.05","end_time":"2138.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2138.739","end_time":"2138.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2138.909","end_time":"2139.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2139.03","end_time":"2139.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2139.129","end_time":"2139.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2139.26","end_time":"2139.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2139.469","end_time":"2139.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2139.57","end_time":"2139.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.831","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2139.76","end_time":"2139.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.798","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2140.12","end_time":"2140.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2140.889","end_time":"2141.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2141.5","end_time":"2141.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"die"}],"start_time":"2141.709","end_time":"2141.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2143.969","end_time":"2144.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"2144.409","end_time":"2145.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2145.07","end_time":"2145.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2145.719","end_time":"2145.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"2145.959","end_time":"2146.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2146.179","end_time":"2146.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"2146.25","end_time":"2146.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2146.399","end_time":"2146.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"compliment"}],"start_time":"2146.419","end_time":"2147.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"2147.84","end_time":"2148.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2148.11","end_time":"2148.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.831","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2148.3","end_time":"2148.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2148.429","end_time":"2148.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"eccentric"}],"start_time":"2148.81","end_time":"2149.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"2149.409","end_time":"2149.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2149.459","end_time":"2150.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2150.159","end_time":"2150.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"2150.179","end_time":"2150.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"2150.489","end_time":"2150.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.837","content":"Not"}],"start_time":"2152.07","end_time":"2152.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"2152.27","end_time":"2152.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.456","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2152.6","end_time":"2152.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"2153.179","end_time":"2153.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2153.399","end_time":"2153.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2153.439","end_time":"2153.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.735","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2153.82","end_time":"2153.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"coder"}],"start_time":"2153.84","end_time":"2154.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2154.399","end_time":"2155.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"founder"}],"start_time":"2155.12","end_time":"2155.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2155.929","end_time":"2156.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"pivoting"}],"start_time":"2156.09","end_time":"2156.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2156.639","end_time":"2156.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"almost"}],"start_time":"2156.679","end_time":"2157.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"going"}],"start_time":"2157.01","end_time":"2157.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bankrupt"}],"start_time":"2157.169","end_time":"2157.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2158.139","end_time":"2158.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2158.32","end_time":"2158.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2158.56","end_time":"2158.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2158.899","end_time":"2158.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.72","content":"multibillionaire"}],"start_time":"2158.919","end_time":"2159.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"now"}],"start_time":"2159.75","end_time":"2159.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2159.83","end_time":"2159.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2159.929","end_time":"2160.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"2160.01","end_time":"2160.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2160.25","end_time":"2160.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"live"}],"start_time":"2160.33","end_time":"2160.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2160.489","end_time":"2160.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"2160.6","end_time":"2161.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2161.679","end_time":"2161.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.782","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2161.919","end_time":"2161.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2161.959","end_time":"2162.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2162.399","end_time":"2162.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2162.439","end_time":"2162.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2162.76","end_time":"2163.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2163.05","end_time":"2163.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2163.27","end_time":"2163.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2163.52","end_time":"2163.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"2163.6","end_time":"2164.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2164.83","end_time":"2164.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2164.949","end_time":"2165.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"living"}],"start_time":"2165.239","end_time":"2165.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2165.87","end_time":"2166.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2166.02","end_time":"2166.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2166.04","end_time":"2166.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2166.37","end_time":"2166.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2166.5","end_time":"2166.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2166.83","end_time":"2167.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"2167.28","end_time":"2167.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2167.76","end_time":"2167.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2167.989","end_time":"2168.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"new"}],"start_time":"2168.01","end_time":"2168.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"2168.28","end_time":"2168.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"new"}],"start_time":"2168.8","end_time":"2169.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2169.09","end_time":"2169.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2169.51","end_time":"2169.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2169.639","end_time":"2169.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2169.929","end_time":"2170.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"interesting"}],"start_time":"2170.09","end_time":"2170.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2170.56","end_time":"2170.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"driving"}],"start_time":"2170.679","end_time":"2171.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2171.05","end_time":"2171.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"new"}],"start_time":"2171.07","end_time":"2171.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"car"}],"start_time":"2171.239","end_time":"2171.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Go"}],"start_time":"2173.409","end_time":"2173.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2173.76","end_time":"2174.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2174.58","end_time":"2174.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2174.8","end_time":"2175.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2175.479","end_time":"2175.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2175.5","end_time":"2176.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2176.219","end_time":"2176.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2176.57","end_time":"2176.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2176.78","end_time":"2176.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2176.959","end_time":"2177.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2177.169","end_time":"2177.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expense"}],"start_time":"2177.25","end_time":"2177.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2178.04","end_time":"2178.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2178.399","end_time":"2178.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2178.61","end_time":"2178.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"2178.689","end_time":"2179.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2179.25","end_time":"2179.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2179.27","end_time":"2179.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"2179.59","end_time":"2180.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2180.05","end_time":"2180.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"convinced"}],"start_time":"2180.36","end_time":"2181.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2181.139","end_time":"2181.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2181.159","end_time":"2181.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2181.889","end_time":"2182.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2182.12","end_time":"2182.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2182.28","end_time":"2182.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2182.52","end_time":"2182.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"2182.86","end_time":"2183.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happiness"}],"start_time":"2183.12","end_time":"2183.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"People"}],"start_time":"2184.159","end_time":"2184.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2184.6","end_time":"2185.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2185.08","end_time":"2185.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2185.1","end_time":"2185.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"2185.86","end_time":"2186.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happiness"}],"start_time":"2186.11","end_time":"2186.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2186.909","end_time":"2187.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2187.149","end_time":"2187.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2187.169","end_time":"2187.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2187.52","end_time":"2187.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2187.679","end_time":"2187.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2187.909","end_time":"2188.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2188.12","end_time":"2188.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2188.229","end_time":"2188.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2188.55","end_time":"2188.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"2188.699","end_time":"2188.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.72","content":"happiness"}],"start_time":"2188.929","end_time":"2189.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2189.29","end_time":"2189.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"2189.439","end_time":"2189.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2189.639","end_time":"2189.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"evolve"}],"start_time":"2189.739","end_time":"2190.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2190.59","end_time":"2190.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2190.82","end_time":"2190.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2190.979","end_time":"2191.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2191.09","end_time":"2191.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2191.25","end_time":"2191.679"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2191.689","end_time":"2191.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2191.8","end_time":"2191.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2191.989","end_time":"2192.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.751","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2192.32","end_time":"2192.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"2192.55","end_time":"2192.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2192.83","end_time":"2193.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2193.36","end_time":"2193.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2193.56","end_time":"2193.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2193.699","end_time":"2193.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2193.77","end_time":"2193.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2193.899","end_time":"2194.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2194.129","end_time":"2194.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2194.159","end_time":"2194.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2194.34","end_time":"2194.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2194.51","end_time":"2194.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2194.62","end_time":"2194.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"super"}],"start_time":"2194.709","end_time":"2194.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2194.959","end_time":"2195.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2195.139","end_time":"2195.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2195.32","end_time":"2195.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2195.649","end_time":"2195.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2195.78","end_time":"2195.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2195.87","end_time":"2196.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2196.35","end_time":"2196.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.51","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2196.649","end_time":"2196.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2196.679","end_time":"2196.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2196.78","end_time":"2196.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2197.0","end_time":"2197.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2197.12","end_time":"2197.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2197.36","end_time":"2197.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2197.729","end_time":"2197.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2198.0","end_time":"2198.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"2198.04","end_time":"2198.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"2198.32","end_time":"2198.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2198.59","end_time":"2198.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cars"}],"start_time":"2198.85","end_time":"2199.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2199.219","end_time":"2199.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.365","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2199.439","end_time":"2199.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2199.61","end_time":"2199.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"2199.679","end_time":"2200.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2200.149","end_time":"2200.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2200.84","end_time":"2201.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2201.04","end_time":"2201.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2201.189","end_time":"2201.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"also"}],"start_time":"2201.429","end_time":"2201.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"2201.709","end_time":"2202.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2202.33","end_time":"2202.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"level"}],"start_time":"2202.459","end_time":"2203.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2203.29","end_time":"2203.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2203.31","end_time":"2203.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2203.87","end_time":"2204.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2205.1","end_time":"2205.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"slow"}],"start_time":"2205.55","end_time":"2206.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"down"}],"start_time":"2206.139","end_time":"2206.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2206.54","end_time":"2206.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"decrease"}],"start_time":"2206.59","end_time":"2207.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2207.469","end_time":"2208.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"2208.09","end_time":"2208.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2208.489","end_time":"2208.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2208.6","end_time":"2209.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2209.28","end_time":"2209.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2209.57","end_time":"2209.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2209.75","end_time":"2209.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2209.86","end_time":"2210.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"2210.08","end_time":"2210.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2210.37","end_time":"2210.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2210.5","end_time":"2210.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2210.77","end_time":"2210.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"2211.0","end_time":"2211.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2211.29","end_time":"2211.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2211.55","end_time":"2211.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"richness"}],"start_time":"2211.889","end_time":"2212.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2212.37","end_time":"2212.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2212.51","end_time":"2212.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2212.689","end_time":"2212.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2212.739","end_time":"2212.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2212.929","end_time":"2213.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2213.06","end_time":"2213.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2213.27","end_time":"2213.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2213.54","end_time":"2214.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2214.03","end_time":"2214.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2214.159","end_time":"2214.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2214.229","end_time":"2214.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2214.449","end_time":"2214.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"come"}],"start_time":"2214.469","end_time":"2214.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"back"}],"start_time":"2214.679","end_time":"2214.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2214.84","end_time":"2214.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"2214.929","end_time":"2215.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2215.29","end_time":"2215.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2215.449","end_time":"2215.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"eat"}],"start_time":"2215.469","end_time":"2215.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"meat"}],"start_time":"2215.989","end_time":"2216.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Super"}],"start_time":"2216.739","end_time":"2217.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2217.189","end_time":"2217.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.633","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2218.87","end_time":"2218.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2218.889","end_time":"2219.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"eat"}],"start_time":"2219.629","end_time":"2219.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"veg"}],"start_time":"2219.929","end_time":"2220.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"veg"}],"start_time":"2220.36","end_time":"2220.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2220.75","end_time":"2220.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"months"}],"start_time":"2220.879","end_time":"2221.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2221.35","end_time":"2221.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2222.6","end_time":"2222.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.602","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2222.81","end_time":"2222.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.446","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2222.959","end_time":"2223.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2223.07","end_time":"2223.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expectations"}],"start_time":"2223.26","end_time":"2224.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2224.05","end_time":"2224.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2224.179","end_time":"2224.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2224.54","end_time":"2224.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2224.59","end_time":"2224.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"simple"}],"start_time":"2224.939","end_time":"2225.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2225.34","end_time":"2225.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2225.459","end_time":"2225.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2225.699","end_time":"2225.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2225.86","end_time":"2225.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expectation"}],"start_time":"2225.939","end_time":"2226.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2226.52","end_time":"2226.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"low"}],"start_time":"2226.639","end_time":"2226.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2226.929","end_time":"2227.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2227.07","end_time":"2227.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2227.189","end_time":"2227.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2227.429","end_time":"2227.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2227.58","end_time":"2227.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2227.679","end_time":"2227.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2227.81","end_time":"2227.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2227.989","end_time":"2228.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2228.07","end_time":"2228.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.516","content":"Damn"}],"start_time":"2229.03","end_time":"2229.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"2229.389","end_time":"2229.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2229.919","end_time":"2229.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2229.989","end_time":"2230.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2230.03","end_time":"2230.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2230.219","end_time":"2230.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2230.28","end_time":"2230.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"2230.56","end_time":"2230.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2230.729","end_time":"2230.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2230.81","end_time":"2231.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2231.09","end_time":"2231.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2231.219","end_time":"2231.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2231.649","end_time":"2231.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2231.889","end_time":"2231.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2231.909","end_time":"2232.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2232.909","end_time":"2233.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2233.139","end_time":"2233.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2233.29","end_time":"2233.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2233.409","end_time":"2234.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2234.04","end_time":"2234.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2234.129","end_time":"2234.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2234.149","end_time":"2234.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2234.399","end_time":"2234.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"2234.51","end_time":"2234.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2234.8","end_time":"2234.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bigger"}],"start_time":"2234.82","end_time":"2235.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2235.11","end_time":"2235.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"2235.79","end_time":"2236.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2236.06","end_time":"2236.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.642","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2236.3","end_time":"2236.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"means"}],"start_time":"2236.32","end_time":"2237.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2237.31","end_time":"2237.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2237.75","end_time":"2238.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2238.03","end_time":"2238.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"2238.05","end_time":"2238.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.892","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2238.58","end_time":"2238.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2238.989","end_time":"2239.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"2239.07","end_time":"2239.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2239.36","end_time":"2239.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2239.489","end_time":"2239.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"2239.629","end_time":"2239.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2239.959","end_time":"2239.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bigger"}],"start_time":"2239.979","end_time":"2240.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2240.3","end_time":"2240.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2241.219","end_time":"2241.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2241.629","end_time":"2241.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2241.83","end_time":"2242.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2242.06","end_time":"2242.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2242.149","end_time":"2242.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2242.29","end_time":"2242.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2242.469","end_time":"2242.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2242.8","end_time":"2242.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"helps"}],"start_time":"2242.949","end_time":"2243.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2243.149","end_time":"2243.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2243.469","end_time":"2243.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2243.55","end_time":"2243.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"2243.699","end_time":"2244.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2244.79","end_time":"2245.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2245.01","end_time":"2245.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2245.399","end_time":"2245.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2245.61","end_time":"2245.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2245.739","end_time":"2245.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"important"}],"start_time":"2245.899","end_time":"2246.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2246.33","end_time":"2246.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"2246.35","end_time":"2246.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2246.639","end_time":"2247.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2247.1","end_time":"2247.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2247.12","end_time":"2247.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"why"}],"start_time":"2247.61","end_time":"2247.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.783","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2247.949","end_time":"2247.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2247.989","end_time":"2248.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2248.31","end_time":"2248.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2248.57","end_time":"2248.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"2248.719","end_time":"2249.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2249.239","end_time":"2249.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.667","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"2249.429","end_time":"2249.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2249.76","end_time":"2249.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2249.919","end_time":"2250.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2250.51","end_time":"2250.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2250.83","end_time":"2250.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2250.959","end_time":"2251.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2251.659","end_time":"2252.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"2252.08","end_time":"2252.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2252.189","end_time":"2252.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"2252.209","end_time":"2252.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2252.52","end_time":"2252.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"itself"}],"start_time":"2252.61","end_time":"2253.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2253.409","end_time":"2253.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"2253.689","end_time":"2253.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2253.899","end_time":"2253.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2253.919","end_time":"2254.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2254.389","end_time":"2255.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2255.209","end_time":"2255.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"2255.229","end_time":"2256.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2256.07","end_time":"2256.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2256.189","end_time":"2256.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2256.52","end_time":"2256.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2256.62","end_time":"2256.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2256.76","end_time":"2256.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"2256.84","end_time":"2257.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2259.159","end_time":"2259.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.735","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2260.32","end_time":"2260.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2260.53","end_time":"2260.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"2260.61","end_time":"2261.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2261.05","end_time":"2261.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.565","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2261.239","end_time":"2261.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2261.36","end_time":"2261.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"2261.78","end_time":"2261.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2261.919","end_time":"2262.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2262.09","end_time":"2262.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2262.449","end_time":"2262.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2262.669","end_time":"2262.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"2262.84","end_time":"2263.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2263.08","end_time":"2263.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2263.189","end_time":"2263.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"2263.27","end_time":"2263.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2263.449","end_time":"2263.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2264.3","end_time":"2264.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"2264.53","end_time":"2264.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2264.79","end_time":"2264.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"2264.919","end_time":"2265.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2265.25","end_time":"2265.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2265.37","end_time":"2265.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"2265.489","end_time":"2265.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"succeed"}],"start_time":"2265.669","end_time":"2265.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2265.979","end_time":"2266.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"2266.139","end_time":"2266.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2266.969","end_time":"2267.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2267.189","end_time":"2267.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2267.33","end_time":"2267.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"2267.479","end_time":"2267.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2267.719","end_time":"2267.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2267.84","end_time":"2267.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"2267.939","end_time":"2268.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2268.149","end_time":"2268.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"great"}],"start_time":"2268.169","end_time":"2268.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2268.649","end_time":"2269.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2269.709","end_time":"2269.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2269.889","end_time":"2270.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2270.449","end_time":"2270.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2270.679","end_time":"2270.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2270.81","end_time":"2271.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"becomes"}],"start_time":"2271.09","end_time":"2271.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"great"}],"start_time":"2271.409","end_time":"2271.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2271.81","end_time":"2272.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2272.37","end_time":"2272.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2272.82","end_time":"2272.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"follow"}],"start_time":"2272.989","end_time":"2273.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Has"}],"start_time":"2277.12","end_time":"2277.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"2277.5","end_time":"2277.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"taught"}],"start_time":"2277.989","end_time":"2278.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2278.199","end_time":"2278.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"2278.27","end_time":"2278.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2278.57","end_time":"2278.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2278.699","end_time":"2279.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"specifically"}],"start_time":"2279.169","end_time":"2279.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2279.78","end_time":"2279.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"2280.0","end_time":"2280.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"2280.32","end_time":"2280.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2280.919","end_time":"2281.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"told"}],"start_time":"2281.1","end_time":"2281.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2281.469","end_time":"2281.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2281.699","end_time":"2282.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"2282.25","end_time":"2282.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"negotiation"}],"start_time":"2282.629","end_time":"2283.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.762","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2283.909","end_time":"2284.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2284.01","end_time":"2284.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2284.31","end_time":"2284.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"2284.79","end_time":"2285.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2285.01","end_time":"2285.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"negotiating"}],"start_time":"2285.05","end_time":"2285.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2286.28","end_time":"2286.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"2286.31","end_time":"2286.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2286.659","end_time":"2286.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2286.679","end_time":"2286.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2286.85","end_time":"2287.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2287.31","end_time":"2287.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2287.53","end_time":"2287.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2287.679","end_time":"2287.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"came"}],"start_time":"2287.699","end_time":"2288.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2288.01","end_time":"2288.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2288.1","end_time":"2288.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.402","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2288.709","end_time":"2288.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.721","content":"these"}],"start_time":"2289.209","end_time":"2289.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.547","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"2289.879","end_time":"2290.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2290.129","end_time":"2290.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2290.26","end_time":"2290.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"2290.479","end_time":"2290.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2290.969","end_time":"2291.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"negotiation"}],"start_time":"2291.11","end_time":"2291.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2291.81","end_time":"2292.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2292.27","end_time":"2292.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"2292.469","end_time":"2292.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2293.0","end_time":"2293.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2293.209","end_time":"2293.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What"}],"start_time":"2293.51","end_time":"2293.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2293.76","end_time":"2293.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2293.87","end_time":"2293.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2293.969","end_time":"2294.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2294.53","end_time":"2295.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2295.449","end_time":"2295.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2295.58","end_time":"2295.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pushy"}],"start_time":"2295.709","end_time":"2296.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2296.59","end_time":"2296.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"need"}],"start_time":"2296.81","end_time":"2297.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2297.04","end_time":"2297.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2297.1","end_time":"2297.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2297.219","end_time":"2297.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pushy"}],"start_time":"2297.379","end_time":"2297.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"2297.679","end_time":"2298.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"2298.11","end_time":"2298.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2298.58","end_time":"2298.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2298.679","end_time":"2298.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pushy"}],"start_time":"2298.939","end_time":"2299.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2299.629","end_time":"2299.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2299.929","end_time":"2300.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"negotiate"}],"start_time":"2300.04","end_time":"2300.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"negotiate"}],"start_time":"2300.699","end_time":"2301.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2301.28","end_time":"2301.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2301.54","end_time":"2301.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"2301.81","end_time":"2302.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Even"}],"start_time":"2302.51","end_time":"2302.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2302.949","end_time":"2303.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"weddings"}],"start_time":"2303.07","end_time":"2303.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2303.719","end_time":"2303.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"played"}],"start_time":"2303.879","end_time":"2304.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2304.3","end_time":"2304.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2304.52","end_time":"2304.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2304.55","end_time":"2304.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"negotiation"}],"start_time":"2304.76","end_time":"2305.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"game"}],"start_time":"2305.32","end_time":"2305.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"during"}],"start_time":"2305.739","end_time":"2306.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"weddings"}],"start_time":"2306.12","end_time":"2306.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2307.03","end_time":"2307.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2307.979","end_time":"2308.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2308.25","end_time":"2308.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2308.3","end_time":"2308.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2308.55","end_time":"2308.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"shoe"}],"start_time":"2308.629","end_time":"2308.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2308.909","end_time":"2309.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2309.06","end_time":"2309.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"bribe"}],"start_time":"2309.149","end_time":"2309.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2309.6","end_time":"2309.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2309.679","end_time":"2309.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2309.84","end_time":"2309.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2310.0","end_time":"2310.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"2310.09","end_time":"2310.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2310.26","end_time":"2310.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"2310.37","end_time":"2310.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"everywhere"}],"start_time":"2311.129","end_time":"2312.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2312.239","end_time":"2312.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"negotiate"}],"start_time":"2312.32","end_time":"2313.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2313.78","end_time":"2314.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2314.139","end_time":"2314.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"specifically"}],"start_time":"2314.229","end_time":"2314.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"2314.889","end_time":"2315.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2315.33","end_time":"2315.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2315.35","end_time":"2315.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2315.709","end_time":"2315.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2315.81","end_time":"2315.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"negotiation"}],"start_time":"2315.83","end_time":"2317.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"center"}],"start_time":"2317.229","end_time":"2317.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.617","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2317.82","end_time":"2317.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.868","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"2318.0","end_time":"2318.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"2318.459","end_time":"2318.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"2318.949","end_time":"2319.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2319.82","end_time":"2320.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2320.06","end_time":"2320.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2320.159","end_time":"2320.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2320.239","end_time":"2320.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2320.419","end_time":"2320.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.515","content":"skills"}],"start_time":"2320.78","end_time":"2320.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2320.969","end_time":"2321.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2321.229","end_time":"2321.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.54","content":"Marra"}],"start_time":"2321.35","end_time":"2321.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2321.86","end_time":"2322.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"2322.34","end_time":"2322.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2322.61","end_time":"2322.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.642","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2322.659","end_time":"2322.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"2322.78","end_time":"2322.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"communities"}],"start_time":"2322.959","end_time":"2323.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2323.679","end_time":"2323.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2323.939","end_time":"2324.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"known"}],"start_time":"2324.01","end_time":"2324.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"2324.28","end_time":"2324.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2324.379","end_time":"2324.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2324.439","end_time":"2324.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"communities"}],"start_time":"2324.76","end_time":"2325.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2325.33","end_time":"2325.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2325.389","end_time":"2325.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"No"}],"start_time":"2326.11","end_time":"2326.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2326.58","end_time":"2326.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2326.719","end_time":"2326.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2326.79","end_time":"2326.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2326.989","end_time":"2327.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2327.149","end_time":"2327.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"negotiation"}],"start_time":"2327.189","end_time":"2327.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2327.78","end_time":"2327.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2327.899","end_time":"2328.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2328.01","end_time":"2328.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2328.479","end_time":"2328.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"useful"}],"start_time":"2328.989","end_time":"2329.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2329.419","end_time":"2329.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2329.59","end_time":"2330.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2330.639","end_time":"2330.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2330.909","end_time":"2331.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"activities"}],"start_time":"2331.149","end_time":"2331.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Actually"}],"start_time":"2331.649","end_time":"2331.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Suppose"}],"start_time":"2332.659","end_time":"2333.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2333.35","end_time":"2333.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"2333.479","end_time":"2333.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"2333.59","end_time":"2333.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2333.85","end_time":"2333.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"2333.929","end_time":"2334.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2334.32","end_time":"2334.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"America"}],"start_time":"2334.5","end_time":"2334.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.892","content":"you'll"}],"start_time":"2334.929","end_time":"2335.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2335.08","end_time":"2335.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"using"}],"start_time":"2335.209","end_time":"2335.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"these"}],"start_time":"2335.51","end_time":"2335.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Gujarati"}],"start_time":"2335.75","end_time":"2336.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"negotiation"}],"start_time":"2336.08","end_time":"2336.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"skills"}],"start_time":"2336.669","end_time":"2337.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2337.06","end_time":"2337.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2337.379","end_time":"2337.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2337.629","end_time":"2337.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"train"}],"start_time":"2337.85","end_time":"2338.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2338.139","end_time":"2338.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"team"}],"start_time":"2338.209","end_time":"2338.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2338.52","end_time":"2338.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2339.419","end_time":"2339.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.676","content":"you'll"}],"start_time":"2339.719","end_time":"2339.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2339.919","end_time":"2340.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2340.29","end_time":"2340.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"already"}],"start_time":"2340.459","end_time":"2340.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"done"}],"start_time":"2340.729","end_time":"2340.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2340.969","end_time":"2341.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.547","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2341.25","end_time":"2341.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2341.3","end_time":"2341.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2341.419","end_time":"2341.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2341.85","end_time":"2341.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2341.949","end_time":"2342.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2342.05","end_time":"2342.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"group"}],"start_time":"2342.07","end_time":"2342.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2342.399","end_time":"2342.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"2342.5","end_time":"2342.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"2342.79","end_time":"2343.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2343.479","end_time":"2343.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2343.689","end_time":"2343.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2343.82","end_time":"2344.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"together"}],"start_time":"2344.12","end_time":"2344.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2344.87","end_time":"2345.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"initially"}],"start_time":"2345.209","end_time":"2345.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2345.86","end_time":"2345.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2345.899","end_time":"2346.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"2346.27","end_time":"2346.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2346.959","end_time":"2346.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgian"}],"start_time":"2346.979","end_time":"2347.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"team"}],"start_time":"2347.55","end_time":"2347.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2347.82","end_time":"2347.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"train"}],"start_time":"2347.939","end_time":"2348.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"2348.28","end_time":"2348.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2349.219","end_time":"2349.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2349.56","end_time":"2349.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"2349.989","end_time":"2350.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2350.209","end_time":"2350.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"influencer"}],"start_time":"2350.34","end_time":"2350.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"2350.79","end_time":"2351.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"team"}],"start_time":"2351.26","end_time":"2351.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2351.56","end_time":"2351.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgian"}],"start_time":"2351.939","end_time":"2352.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"team"}],"start_time":"2352.27","end_time":"2352.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"trains"}],"start_time":"2352.5","end_time":"2352.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2352.87","end_time":"2352.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"2352.979","end_time":"2353.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.49","content":"how"}],"start_time":"2353.75","end_time":"2353.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2353.83","end_time":"2354.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"proceed"}],"start_time":"2354.179","end_time":"2354.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2355.25","end_time":"2355.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2355.56","end_time":"2355.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2355.939","end_time":"2356.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2356.169","end_time":"2356.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.372","content":"call"}],"start_time":"2356.379","end_time":"2356.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"2356.61","end_time":"2357.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2357.169","end_time":"2357.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2357.28","end_time":"2357.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2357.389","end_time":"2357.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"notice"}],"start_time":"2357.52","end_time":"2357.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2357.889","end_time":"2358.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2358.04","end_time":"2358.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"2358.149","end_time":"2358.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"person"}],"start_time":"2358.58","end_time":"2359.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2359.83","end_time":"2360.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"negotiating"}],"start_time":"2360.02","end_time":"2360.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2360.61","end_time":"2360.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2360.82","end_time":"2361.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2361.1","end_time":"2361.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2361.229","end_time":"2361.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2361.79","end_time":"2361.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2361.979","end_time":"2362.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2362.09","end_time":"2362.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2362.34","end_time":"2362.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2362.52","end_time":"2362.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.61","content":"cold"}],"start_time":"2362.76","end_time":"2363.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2363.6","end_time":"2364.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2364.58","end_time":"2365.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2365.11","end_time":"2365.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"2365.449","end_time":"2365.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"together"}],"start_time":"2365.76","end_time":"2366.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2366.219","end_time":"2366.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2366.379","end_time":"2366.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2366.479","end_time":"2366.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2366.82","end_time":"2367.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2367.06","end_time":"2367.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"strengths"}],"start_time":"2367.149","end_time":"2367.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2367.58","end_time":"2367.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2367.709","end_time":"2367.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"2367.899","end_time":"2368.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2368.06","end_time":"2368.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.775","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2368.29","end_time":"2368.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2368.32","end_time":"2368.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2368.52","end_time":"2368.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2368.62","end_time":"2369.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2369.31","end_time":"2369.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2369.699","end_time":"2369.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"why"}],"start_time":"2369.82","end_time":"2370.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2370.649","end_time":"2370.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"club"}],"start_time":"2370.899","end_time":"2371.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"football"}],"start_time":"2371.36","end_time":"2372.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"2372.76","end_time":"2373.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"player"}],"start_time":"2373.09","end_time":"2373.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"has"}],"start_time":"2373.35","end_time":"2373.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"2373.51","end_time":"2373.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nationalities"}],"start_time":"2373.82","end_time":"2374.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"2374.55","end_time":"2375.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"brings"}],"start_time":"2375.05","end_time":"2375.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"2375.36","end_time":"2375.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"own"}],"start_time":"2375.53","end_time":"2375.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"strengths"}],"start_time":"2375.729","end_time":"2376.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2376.05","end_time":"2376.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2376.26","end_time":"2376.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"table"}],"start_time":"2376.33","end_time":"2376.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"2376.909","end_time":"2377.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.662","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2377.28","end_time":"2377.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2377.469","end_time":"2377.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2377.649","end_time":"2377.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2377.75","end_time":"2378.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2378.1","end_time":"2378.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"2378.239","end_time":"2378.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2378.929","end_time":"2379.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expansion"}],"start_time":"2379.26","end_time":"2379.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2379.81","end_time":"2379.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2379.87","end_time":"2379.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"2379.989","end_time":"2380.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2380.26","end_time":"2380.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2380.479","end_time":"2380.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"2380.61","end_time":"2380.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2380.979","end_time":"2381.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2381.11","end_time":"2381.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"role"}],"start_time":"2381.129","end_time":"2381.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2381.469","end_time":"2381.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"play"}],"start_time":"2381.56","end_time":"2381.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2381.959","end_time":"2381.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"2382.129","end_time":"2382.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"businesses"}],"start_time":"2382.889","end_time":"2383.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2383.37","end_time":"2383.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2383.51","end_time":"2383.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"should"}],"start_time":"2383.61","end_time":"2383.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2383.75","end_time":"2383.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"played"}],"start_time":"2383.83","end_time":"2384.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2384.129","end_time":"2384.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.826","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2384.209","end_time":"2384.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"strengths"}],"start_time":"2384.31","end_time":"2384.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"2384.949","end_time":"2385.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2385.629","end_time":"2386.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2386.35","end_time":"2386.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2386.61","end_time":"2387.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2387.149","end_time":"2387.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2387.679","end_time":"2387.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2387.8","end_time":"2387.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2387.82","end_time":"2387.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2387.949","end_time":"2388.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2388.27","end_time":"2388.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Dubai"}],"start_time":"2388.34","end_time":"2388.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"600"}],"start_time":"2388.879","end_time":"2389.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2389.889","end_time":"2390.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"something"}],"start_time":"2390.33","end_time":"2390.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2391.3","end_time":"2392.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2392.33","end_time":"2392.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"director"}],"start_time":"2392.55","end_time":"2393.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"come"}],"start_time":"2393.149","end_time":"2393.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2393.479","end_time":"2393.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"2393.639","end_time":"2394.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.423","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2394.08","end_time":"2394.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2395.139","end_time":"2395.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"He"}],"start_time":"2395.169","end_time":"2395.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"went"}],"start_time":"2395.5","end_time":"2395.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2395.719","end_time":"2396.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2396.01","end_time":"2396.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.653","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2396.34","end_time":"2396.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2396.37","end_time":"2396.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2396.669","end_time":"2396.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2396.83","end_time":"2396.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2396.969","end_time":"2397.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2397.55","end_time":"2397.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2397.689","end_time":"2397.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.656","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2397.969","end_time":"2398.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2398.02","end_time":"2398.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2398.139","end_time":"2398.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2398.3","end_time":"2398.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2398.429","end_time":"2398.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2399.199","end_time":"2399.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2399.439","end_time":"2399.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2399.56","end_time":"2399.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"rule"}],"start_time":"2399.58","end_time":"2400.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Every"}],"start_time":"2400.37","end_time":"2400.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"employee"}],"start_time":"2400.84","end_time":"2401.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2401.409","end_time":"2401.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"switch"}],"start_time":"2401.699","end_time":"2402.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2402.04","end_time":"2402.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2402.209","end_time":"2402.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2402.34","end_time":"2402.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2402.699","end_time":"2402.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"another"}],"start_time":"2402.87","end_time":"2403.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2403.12","end_time":"2403.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2404.02","end_time":"2404.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"If"}],"start_time":"2404.04","end_time":"2404.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"he"}],"start_time":"2404.479","end_time":"2404.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"has"}],"start_time":"2404.6","end_time":"2404.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"2404.739","end_time":"2404.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"2404.879","end_time":"2405.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"2405.169","end_time":"2405.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2406.06","end_time":"2406.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2406.159","end_time":"2406.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2406.439","end_time":"2406.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2406.62","end_time":"2406.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"2406.709","end_time":"2407.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2407.08","end_time":"2407.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2407.26","end_time":"2407.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2407.36","end_time":"2407.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"2407.51","end_time":"2407.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"he"}],"start_time":"2407.959","end_time":"2408.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2408.139","end_time":"2408.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2408.36","end_time":"2408.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2408.59","end_time":"2408.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"any"}],"start_time":"2408.649","end_time":"2408.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2408.84","end_time":"2409.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2409.169","end_time":"2409.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2409.239","end_time":"2409.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"group"}],"start_time":"2409.34","end_time":"2409.679"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"That"}],"start_time":"2409.969","end_time":"2410.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2410.29","end_time":"2410.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2410.53","end_time":"2410.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"push"}],"start_time":"2410.8","end_time":"2411.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2411.11","end_time":"2411.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2411.479","end_time":"2411.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"travel"}],"start_time":"2411.909","end_time":"2412.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2412.56","end_time":"2412.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"discover"}],"start_time":"2412.679","end_time":"2413.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2413.479","end_time":"2413.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2413.709","end_time":"2414.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2414.09","end_time":"2414.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2414.27","end_time":"2414.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"2414.399","end_time":"2414.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2414.909","end_time":"2415.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2415.03","end_time":"2415.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"2415.239","end_time":"2415.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2415.61","end_time":"2415.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2415.669","end_time":"2415.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"spreading"}],"start_time":"2415.76","end_time":"2416.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2416.37","end_time":"2416.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"2416.389","end_time":"2417.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2417.03","end_time":"2417.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2417.31","end_time":"2417.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.78","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2417.639","end_time":"2417.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"San"}],"start_time":"2417.8","end_time":"2418.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"2418.399","end_time":"2418.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.452","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"2418.81","end_time":"2419.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"United"}],"start_time":"2419.12","end_time":"2419.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"States"}],"start_time":"2419.52","end_time":"2419.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Dubai"}],"start_time":"2420.129","end_time":"2420.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Mexico"}],"start_time":"2420.84","end_time":"2421.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Spain"}],"start_time":"2421.57","end_time":"2422.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Italy"}],"start_time":"2422.35","end_time":"2422.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Germany"}],"start_time":"2422.83","end_time":"2423.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Australia"}],"start_time":"2423.919","end_time":"2424.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"2424.84","end_time":"2425.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2425.379","end_time":"2425.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"course"}],"start_time":"2425.469","end_time":"2426.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2426.409","end_time":"2427.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Hong"}],"start_time":"2427.699","end_time":"2428.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Kong"}],"start_time":"2428.05","end_time":"2428.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2428.83","end_time":"2429.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2429.52","end_time":"2429.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"2429.56","end_time":"2430.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"missed"}],"start_time":"2430.09","end_time":"2430.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2430.37","end_time":"2430.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"few"}],"start_time":"2430.389","end_time":"2430.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2430.659","end_time":"2430.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"2432.02","end_time":"2432.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.478","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2432.26","end_time":"2432.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2432.33","end_time":"2432.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2432.429","end_time":"2432.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"humble"}],"start_time":"2432.54","end_time":"2433.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"2433.04","end_time":"2433.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"building"}],"start_time":"2433.36","end_time":"2433.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2433.699","end_time":"2433.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2433.86","end_time":"2434.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2435.469","end_time":"2436.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2437.62","end_time":"2437.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2437.729","end_time":"2438.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2438.159","end_time":"2438.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"2439.62","end_time":"2439.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2439.8","end_time":"2439.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2439.899","end_time":"2440.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2440.199","end_time":"2440.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"2440.26","end_time":"2440.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"as"}],"start_time":"2440.51","end_time":"2440.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.825","content":"humble"}],"start_time":"2440.629","end_time":"2440.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2441.25","end_time":"2441.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2441.54","end_time":"2441.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2441.649","end_time":"2442.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2442.09","end_time":"2442.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2442.28","end_time":"2442.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2442.33","end_time":"2442.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"past"}],"start_time":"2442.449","end_time":"2443.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.579","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2443.02","end_time":"2443.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2443.209","end_time":"2443.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"care"}],"start_time":"2443.979","end_time":"2444.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2444.199","end_time":"2444.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"2444.399","end_time":"2444.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2444.81","end_time":"2445.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2445.01","end_time":"2445.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2445.179","end_time":"2445.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"built"}],"start_time":"2445.27","end_time":"2445.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2445.84","end_time":"2446.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2446.139","end_time":"2446.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2446.179","end_time":"2446.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2446.389","end_time":"2446.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2446.78","end_time":"2447.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.591","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2447.08","end_time":"2447.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2447.239","end_time":"2447.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2447.989","end_time":"2448.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"2448.11","end_time":"2448.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"build"}],"start_time":"2448.33","end_time":"2448.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2449.02","end_time":"2449.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"If"}],"start_time":"2449.25","end_time":"2449.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2449.55","end_time":"2449.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2449.59","end_time":"2449.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2449.82","end_time":"2449.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2449.989","end_time":"2450.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2450.02","end_time":"2450.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"today"}],"start_time":"2450.199","end_time":"2450.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"even"}],"start_time":"2450.719","end_time":"2451.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"though"}],"start_time":"2451.11","end_time":"2451.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2451.26","end_time":"2451.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"exploding"}],"start_time":"2451.409","end_time":"2452.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2452.12","end_time":"2452.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2452.37","end_time":"2452.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2452.61","end_time":"2452.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2452.729","end_time":"2453.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"management"}],"start_time":"2453.01","end_time":"2453.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2453.36","end_time":"2453.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2453.59","end_time":"2453.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2453.649","end_time":"2453.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2453.78","end_time":"2453.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2453.969","end_time":"2454.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2454.04","end_time":"2454.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2454.09","end_time":"2454.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"2454.409","end_time":"2454.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2454.709","end_time":"2454.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"2454.929","end_time":"2455.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2455.6","end_time":"2455.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"2455.969","end_time":"2456.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"1%"}],"start_time":"2456.729","end_time":"2457.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2457.399","end_time":"2457.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2457.489","end_time":"2457.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2457.56","end_time":"2457.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966666666666666","content":"0.1%"}],"start_time":"2457.919","end_time":"2458.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2458.959","end_time":"2459.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2459.05","end_time":"2459.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2459.12","end_time":"2459.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.408","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2459.6","end_time":"2459.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2459.77","end_time":"2460.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2460.229","end_time":"2460.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2460.379","end_time":"2460.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2460.5","end_time":"2460.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Every"}],"start_time":"2460.78","end_time":"2461.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2461.09","end_time":"2461.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2461.439","end_time":"2461.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2461.5","end_time":"2461.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"2461.6","end_time":"2461.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"small"}],"start_time":"2461.879","end_time":"2462.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2462.25","end_time":"2462.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"large"}],"start_time":"2462.34","end_time":"2462.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2463.199","end_time":"2463.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"every"}],"start_time":"2463.219","end_time":"2463.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.812","content":"industries"}],"start_time":"2463.75","end_time":"2464.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2464.659","end_time":"2464.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2464.979","end_time":"2465.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"still"}],"start_time":"2465.09","end_time":"2465.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9973333333333334","content":"0.1%"}],"start_time":"2465.489","end_time":"2466.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2466.8","end_time":"2466.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2466.889","end_time":"2466.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2466.939","end_time":"2467.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2467.75","end_time":"2467.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2467.959","end_time":"2468.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2468.12","end_time":"2468.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2468.139","end_time":"2468.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2468.489","end_time":"2468.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2468.54","end_time":"2468.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2468.86","end_time":"2468.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2468.879","end_time":"2469.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2469.07","end_time":"2469.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2469.09","end_time":"2469.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2469.33","end_time":"2469.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2469.469","end_time":"2469.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2469.58","end_time":"2469.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"am"}],"start_time":"2469.6","end_time":"2469.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2469.739","end_time":"2469.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"2469.939","end_time":"2470.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yeah"}],"start_time":"2470.26","end_time":"2470.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2470.34","end_time":"2470.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"succeeded"}],"start_time":"2470.55","end_time":"2471.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2471.1","end_time":"2471.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"2471.26","end_time":"2471.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2471.689","end_time":"2471.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2471.76","end_time":"2471.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2471.82","end_time":"2472.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2472.179","end_time":"2472.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2472.28","end_time":"2472.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"0.1%"}],"start_time":"2472.379","end_time":"2473.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2473.209","end_time":"2473.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2473.3","end_time":"2473.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2473.35","end_time":"2473.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.777","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2473.82","end_time":"2474.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2474.05","end_time":"2474.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"go"}],"start_time":"2474.189","end_time":"2474.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2474.29","end_time":"2474.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2474.449","end_time":"2474.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2474.899","end_time":"2475.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2475.79","end_time":"2475.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2475.949","end_time":"2476.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"5%"}],"start_time":"2476.34","end_time":"2477.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2477.58","end_time":"2477.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2477.889","end_time":"2477.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2478.0","end_time":"2478.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"focusing"}],"start_time":"2478.139","end_time":"2478.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2478.54","end_time":"2478.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2478.699","end_time":"2478.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2478.78","end_time":"2478.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"2478.879","end_time":"2479.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2479.379","end_time":"2479.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2479.58","end_time":"2480.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"2480.09","end_time":"2480.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2480.489","end_time":"2480.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2480.649","end_time":"2480.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"continue"}],"start_time":"2480.739","end_time":"2481.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2481.08","end_time":"2481.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2481.169","end_time":"2481.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2481.85","end_time":"2481.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"order"}],"start_time":"2481.969","end_time":"2482.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2482.199","end_time":"2482.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"keep"}],"start_time":"2482.28","end_time":"2482.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2482.56","end_time":"2482.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"growth"}],"start_time":"2482.659","end_time":"2483.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"2483.02","end_time":"2483.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2483.419","end_time":"2483.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2483.85","end_time":"2484.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2484.169","end_time":"2484.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2484.3","end_time":"2484.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"succeeded"}],"start_time":"2484.449","end_time":"2484.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Man"}],"start_time":"2485.439","end_time":"2486.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2486.979","end_time":"2487.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"really"}],"start_time":"2487.229","end_time":"2487.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"enjoying"}],"start_time":"2487.55","end_time":"2487.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"2487.889","end_time":"2488.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2488.229","end_time":"2488.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2488.31","end_time":"2488.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.365","content":"genuinely"}],"start_time":"2488.58","end_time":"2489.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2489.35","end_time":"2489.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2489.709","end_time":"2489.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"glad"}],"start_time":"2489.87","end_time":"2490.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2490.199","end_time":"2490.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"2490.219","end_time":"2490.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2490.379","end_time":"2490.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2490.53","end_time":"2490.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2490.689","end_time":"2490.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2490.929","end_time":"2491.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2491.219","end_time":"2491.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"living"}],"start_time":"2491.239","end_time":"2491.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2491.639","end_time":"2491.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2491.719","end_time":"2491.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"telling"}],"start_time":"2491.81","end_time":"2491.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2491.959","end_time":"2492.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2492.239","end_time":"2492.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2492.32","end_time":"2492.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2492.52","end_time":"2492.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"great"}],"start_time":"2492.54","end_time":"2492.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"2492.87","end_time":"2493.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2493.31","end_time":"2493.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2493.399","end_time":"2493.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.552","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2493.669","end_time":"2493.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2493.969","end_time":"2494.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2494.75","end_time":"2494.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2494.929","end_time":"2495.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"2495.439","end_time":"2496.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"often"}],"start_time":"2496.11","end_time":"2496.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2496.429","end_time":"2496.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2496.55","end_time":"2496.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"2496.629","end_time":"2497.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2497.139","end_time":"2497.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"European"}],"start_time":"2497.159","end_time":"2497.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"billionaire"}],"start_time":"2497.87","end_time":"2498.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"who's"}],"start_time":"2498.34","end_time":"2498.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"staying"}],"start_time":"2498.57","end_time":"2498.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2498.929","end_time":"2498.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2498.969","end_time":"2499.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2499.61","end_time":"2499.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2499.83","end_time":"2499.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2499.87","end_time":"2500.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.755","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"2500.27","end_time":"2500.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2500.58","end_time":"2500.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"many"}],"start_time":"2500.75","end_time":"2500.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"2500.899","end_time":"2501.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2501.3","end_time":"2501.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2501.32","end_time":"2501.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2501.57","end_time":"2501.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2501.739","end_time":"2501.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"2501.8","end_time":"2502.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2502.05","end_time":"2502.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2502.08","end_time":"2502.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"2502.209","end_time":"2502.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2502.62","end_time":"2502.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2502.889","end_time":"2503.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2503.07","end_time":"2503.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2503.729","end_time":"2504.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2504.139","end_time":"2504.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lessons"}],"start_time":"2504.489","end_time":"2504.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2504.919","end_time":"2505.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2505.08","end_time":"2505.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2505.28","end_time":"2505.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2505.409","end_time":"2505.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2505.54","end_time":"2505.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2505.62","end_time":"2505.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2505.956","end_time":"2506.335"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2506.625","end_time":"2506.766"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"truly"}],"start_time":"2506.775","end_time":"2507.295"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"believe"}],"start_time":"2507.305","end_time":"2507.726"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2507.736","end_time":"2507.855"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"2507.865","end_time":"2508.295"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"who"}],"start_time":"2508.305","end_time":"2508.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2508.385","end_time":"2508.535"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"speak"}],"start_time":"2508.545","end_time":"2509.016"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2509.025","end_time":"2509.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"English"}],"start_time":"2509.335","end_time":"2510.135"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"2510.145","end_time":"2510.976"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2510.986","end_time":"2511.115"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"2511.125","end_time":"2511.466"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2511.476","end_time":"2511.726"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"2511.736","end_time":"2512.035"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.738","content":"their"}],"start_time":"2512.045","end_time":"2512.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"2512.135","end_time":"2512.416"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"2512.426","end_time":"2512.855"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2513.446","end_time":"2513.585"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2513.595","end_time":"2513.615"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"2513.625","end_time":"2513.835"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2513.845","end_time":"2513.855"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2513.865","end_time":"2514.285"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2514.295","end_time":"2514.416"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"our"}],"start_time":"2514.426","end_time":"2514.446"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2514.456","end_time":"2514.815"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2514.825","end_time":"2515.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"2515.135","end_time":"2515.236"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"2515.246","end_time":"2515.486"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2515.496","end_time":"2515.706"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2515.716","end_time":"2515.775"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"order"}],"start_time":"2515.785","end_time":"2516.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2516.065","end_time":"2516.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"2516.156","end_time":"2516.295"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"2516.305","end_time":"2516.575"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2516.585","end_time":"2516.696"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"2516.706","end_time":"2516.855"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2516.865","end_time":"2516.936"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"2516.946","end_time":"2517.656"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2517.926","end_time":"2518.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigner"}],"start_time":"2518.135","end_time":"2518.486"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mind"}],"start_time":"2518.496","end_time":"2518.815"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"2518.825","end_time":"2519.085"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2519.095","end_time":"2519.295"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"2519.305","end_time":"2519.456"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2519.466","end_time":"2519.575"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2519.585","end_time":"2519.625"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2519.635","end_time":"2519.906"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2519.916","end_time":"2519.986"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2519.996","end_time":"2520.226"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"2520.236","end_time":"2520.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2520.385","end_time":"2520.625"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"sold"}],"start_time":"2520.635","end_time":"2520.885"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2520.895","end_time":"2521.216"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2521.226","end_time":"2521.766"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2521.775","end_time":"2521.795"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2521.805","end_time":"2521.815"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2521.825","end_time":"2522.206"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"important"}],"start_time":"2522.216","end_time":"2522.605"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2522.615","end_time":"2522.916"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"2522.926","end_time":"2523.535"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2523.706","end_time":"2523.916"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2523.926","end_time":"2524.035"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2524.045","end_time":"2524.095"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2524.105","end_time":"2524.115"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"2524.125","end_time":"2524.686"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2524.696","end_time":"2524.706"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"2524.716","end_time":"2524.835"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2524.845","end_time":"2525.016"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2525.025","end_time":"2525.176"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2525.186","end_time":"2525.236"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anyway"}],"start_time":"2525.246","end_time":"2525.976"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.775","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2526.471","end_time":"2526.822"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2526.971","end_time":"2527.342"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2527.352","end_time":"2527.392"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"appreciate"}],"start_time":"2527.402","end_time":"2527.922"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2527.931","end_time":"2528.031"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"2528.041","end_time":"2528.352"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2528.362","end_time":"2528.481"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"giving"}],"start_time":"2528.491","end_time":"2528.711"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2528.721","end_time":"2528.961"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2528.971","end_time":"2528.981"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"am"}],"start_time":"2528.991","end_time":"2529.211"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"100%"}],"start_time":"2529.241","end_time":"2529.802"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"2529.812","end_time":"2529.902"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.761","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2529.912","end_time":"2530.031"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2530.041","end_time":"2530.052"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2530.062","end_time":"2530.332"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"busy"}],"start_time":"2530.342","end_time":"2530.582"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"2530.592","end_time":"2530.971"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2531.221","end_time":"2531.622"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2531.632","end_time":"2531.741"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2531.751","end_time":"2531.771"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.542","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2531.781","end_time":"2531.852"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"2531.862","end_time":"2532.132"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2532.142","end_time":"2532.291"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Mumbai"}],"start_time":"2532.302","end_time":"2532.521"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2532.531","end_time":"2532.741"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2532.751","end_time":"2532.761"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"day"}],"start_time":"2532.771","end_time":"2532.981"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"2532.991","end_time":"2533.451"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2533.461","end_time":"2533.552"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2533.562","end_time":"2534.011"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2534.261","end_time":"2534.271"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2534.302","end_time":"2534.451"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2534.461","end_time":"2534.842"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"2534.852","end_time":"2535.001"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"2535.011","end_time":"2535.211"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2535.221","end_time":"2535.382"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2535.392","end_time":"2535.501"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"2535.511","end_time":"2535.931"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2535.941","end_time":"2536.501"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2536.511","end_time":"2536.832"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2536.842","end_time":"2536.852"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"44"}],"start_time":"2536.862","end_time":"2537.281"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"year"}],"start_time":"2537.291","end_time":"2537.441"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"old"}],"start_time":"2537.451","end_time":"2537.562"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"2537.572","end_time":"2537.602"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2537.612","end_time":"2537.701"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"2537.711","end_time":"2537.862"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2537.872","end_time":"2538.052"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2538.062","end_time":"2538.092"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"2538.102","end_time":"2538.372"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2538.382","end_time":"2538.461"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2538.471","end_time":"2538.481"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"2538.491","end_time":"2538.691"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"who's"}],"start_time":"2538.701","end_time":"2538.832"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2538.842","end_time":"2539.112"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2539.122","end_time":"2539.412"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"age"}],"start_time":"2539.422","end_time":"2539.592"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2539.602","end_time":"2539.691"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2539.701","end_time":"2539.791"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"2539.802","end_time":"2540.132"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2540.142","end_time":"2540.241"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2540.251","end_time":"2540.261"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"brother"}],"start_time":"2540.271","end_time":"2540.691"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2541.142","end_time":"2541.731"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"no"}],"start_time":"2541.941","end_time":"2542.102"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thank"}],"start_time":"2542.112","end_time":"2542.441"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2542.451","end_time":"2542.612"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"2543.422","end_time":"2543.791"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2543.802","end_time":"2543.832"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2543.842","end_time":"2543.912"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"being"}],"start_time":"2543.922","end_time":"2544.152"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2544.162","end_time":"2544.392"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"2544.402","end_time":"2544.642"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Firstly"}],"start_time":"2544.652","end_time":"2545.172"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2545.352","end_time":"2545.362"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"what's"}],"start_time":"2545.471","end_time":"2546.761"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"been"}],"start_time":"2547.461","end_time":"2548.322"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2548.951","end_time":"2549.132"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"2549.142","end_time":"2549.521"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"2549.531","end_time":"2549.931"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"2549.941","end_time":"2550.181"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"2550.191","end_time":"2550.312"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"done"}],"start_time":"2550.322","end_time":"2550.491"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2550.501","end_time":"2550.531"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2550.541","end_time":"2551.011"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2552.35","end_time":"2552.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"2552.379","end_time":"2552.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"building"}],"start_time":"2552.739","end_time":"2553.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2553.219","end_time":"2553.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2553.239","end_time":"2553.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2553.54","end_time":"2553.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"2553.689","end_time":"2554.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2554.79","end_time":"2555.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"really"}],"start_time":"2555.01","end_time":"2555.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2555.389","end_time":"2555.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lots"}],"start_time":"2555.54","end_time":"2556.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2556.07","end_time":"2556.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"2556.379","end_time":"2556.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"solving"}],"start_time":"2556.82","end_time":"2557.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"challenges"}],"start_time":"2557.239","end_time":"2558.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2558.08","end_time":"2558.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"setting"}],"start_time":"2559.28","end_time":"2560.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"up"}],"start_time":"2560.199","end_time":"2560.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2560.33","end_time":"2560.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2560.709","end_time":"2560.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"creative"}],"start_time":"2560.899","end_time":"2561.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.655","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2561.82","end_time":"2562.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2563.04","end_time":"2563.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2564.1","end_time":"2564.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2564.26","end_time":"2564.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"idea"}],"start_time":"2564.57","end_time":"2564.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2564.83","end_time":"2564.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2565.0","end_time":"2565.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"scale"}],"start_time":"2565.699","end_time":"2566.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"hyper"}],"start_time":"2566.1","end_time":"2566.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"scale"}],"start_time":"2566.34","end_time":"2566.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2566.629","end_time":"2566.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2566.659","end_time":"2567.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2567.159","end_time":"2567.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2567.28","end_time":"2567.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"2567.919","end_time":"2568.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2568.27","end_time":"2568.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"scaling"}],"start_time":"2568.739","end_time":"2569.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"has"}],"start_time":"2569.199","end_time":"2569.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"2569.33","end_time":"2569.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2569.459","end_time":"2569.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"most"}],"start_time":"2569.55","end_time":"2569.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"2569.8","end_time":"2570.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"2570.01","end_time":"2570.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"2570.429","end_time":"2570.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2570.85","end_time":"2571.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"2571.32","end_time":"2571.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"let"}],"start_time":"2571.52","end_time":"2571.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2571.82","end_time":"2571.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"reframe"}],"start_time":"2571.939","end_time":"2572.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2572.77","end_time":"2572.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"2572.85","end_time":"2573.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"question"}],"start_time":"2573.219","end_time":"2573.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2574.159","end_time":"2574.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2574.379","end_time":"2574.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2574.479","end_time":"2574.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"got"}],"start_time":"2574.77","end_time":"2575.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2575.02","end_time":"2575.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2576.209","end_time":"2576.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2576.3","end_time":"2576.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2576.419","end_time":"2576.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"week"}],"start_time":"2576.8","end_time":"2577.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2578.179","end_time":"2578.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2578.409","end_time":"2578.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2578.51","end_time":"2578.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2578.639","end_time":"2578.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"month"}],"start_time":"2578.969","end_time":"2579.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2580.0","end_time":"2580.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"2580.35","end_time":"2580.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2580.489","end_time":"2580.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"set"}],"start_time":"2580.85","end_time":"2581.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2581.36","end_time":"2581.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"2581.479","end_time":"2581.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2581.85","end_time":"2581.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2581.899","end_time":"2582.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2582.04","end_time":"2582.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2582.129","end_time":"2582.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2582.199","end_time":"2582.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2582.389","end_time":"2582.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2582.429","end_time":"2582.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2582.55","end_time":"2582.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"2582.83","end_time":"2583.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2583.209","end_time":"2583.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2583.469","end_time":"2583.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2583.6","end_time":"2583.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"What"}],"start_time":"2583.879","end_time":"2583.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2583.979","end_time":"2584.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2584.07","end_time":"2584.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2584.139","end_time":"2584.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2584.31","end_time":"2584.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2584.37","end_time":"2584.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2584.479","end_time":"2584.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"month"}],"start_time":"2584.729","end_time":"2585.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2585.149","end_time":"2585.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2585.449","end_time":"2585.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2585.54","end_time":"2585.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"2585.739","end_time":"2586.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2586.09","end_time":"2586.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2586.379","end_time":"2586.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2586.85","end_time":"2587.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2587.53","end_time":"2588.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2588.05","end_time":"2588.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2588.159","end_time":"2588.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2588.34","end_time":"2589.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2589.31","end_time":"2589.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"transform"}],"start_time":"2589.979","end_time":"2590.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.877","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2590.51","end_time":"2590.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2590.56","end_time":"2590.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2590.969","end_time":"2591.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"2591.26","end_time":"2591.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2591.429","end_time":"2591.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2591.51","end_time":"2591.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2591.75","end_time":"2592.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2592.489","end_time":"2592.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2592.669","end_time":"2592.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2592.929","end_time":"2593.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2593.05","end_time":"2593.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2593.86","end_time":"2594.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"2594.37","end_time":"2594.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"who"}],"start_time":"2594.729","end_time":"2594.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2594.929","end_time":"2595.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2595.06","end_time":"2595.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"who"}],"start_time":"2595.389","end_time":"2595.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2595.55","end_time":"2595.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2595.719","end_time":"2595.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2595.81","end_time":"2596.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2596.389","end_time":"2596.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2596.409","end_time":"2596.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2596.899","end_time":"2597.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"leverage"}],"start_time":"2597.07","end_time":"2597.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2597.55","end_time":"2597.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"2597.629","end_time":"2597.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2597.79","end_time":"2597.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2597.889","end_time":"2598.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"skills"}],"start_time":"2598.169","end_time":"2598.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"What"}],"start_time":"2598.54","end_time":"2598.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2598.659","end_time":"2598.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2598.81","end_time":"2598.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"weakness"}],"start_time":"2598.889","end_time":"2599.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What"}],"start_time":"2599.28","end_time":"2599.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2599.419","end_time":"2599.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2599.52","end_time":"2599.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"strengths"}],"start_time":"2599.61","end_time":"2600.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2600.52","end_time":"2600.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2600.55","end_time":"2600.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2600.929","end_time":"2601.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2601.04","end_time":"2601.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2601.149","end_time":"2601.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"rely"}],"start_time":"2601.35","end_time":"2601.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2601.62","end_time":"2601.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2602.129","end_time":"2602.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.822","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2602.35","end_time":"2602.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"2602.37","end_time":"2602.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2602.56","end_time":"2602.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2602.62","end_time":"2602.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"first"}],"start_time":"2602.75","end_time":"2603.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"weeks"}],"start_time":"2603.09","end_time":"2603.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2603.55","end_time":"2603.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"2603.669","end_time":"2604.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2604.05","end_time":"2604.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2604.199","end_time":"2604.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2604.219","end_time":"2604.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2604.33","end_time":"2604.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2604.449","end_time":"2604.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2604.739","end_time":"2604.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2604.76","end_time":"2605.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.69","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2605.09","end_time":"2605.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2605.429","end_time":"2605.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2605.51","end_time":"2606.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2606.28","end_time":"2606.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"help"}],"start_time":"2606.31","end_time":"2606.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2606.85","end_time":"2607.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2607.05","end_time":"2607.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.732","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2607.51","end_time":"2607.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"details"}],"start_time":"2607.79","end_time":"2608.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2608.209","end_time":"2608.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2608.399","end_time":"2608.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2608.989","end_time":"2609.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2609.129","end_time":"2609.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2609.29","end_time":"2609.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2609.459","end_time":"2609.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"process"}],"start_time":"2609.479","end_time":"2609.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2609.82","end_time":"2609.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"2609.959","end_time":"2610.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2610.35","end_time":"2610.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2610.449","end_time":"2610.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2610.709","end_time":"2610.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"understood"}],"start_time":"2610.949","end_time":"2611.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2611.75","end_time":"2611.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"teammates"}],"start_time":"2611.899","end_time":"2612.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"2612.8","end_time":"2613.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2614.29","end_time":"2614.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2614.459","end_time":"2614.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"were"}],"start_time":"2614.58","end_time":"2614.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"2614.61","end_time":"2614.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2614.82","end_time":"2615.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"absorb"}],"start_time":"2615.01","end_time":"2615.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2615.5","end_time":"2615.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"situation"}],"start_time":"2615.879","end_time":"2616.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2616.469","end_time":"2616.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2616.83","end_time":"2617.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"help"}],"start_time":"2617.05","end_time":"2617.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2617.25","end_time":"2617.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2617.469","end_time":"2617.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2617.629","end_time":"2617.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2617.729","end_time":"2617.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2617.84","end_time":"2618.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2618.29","end_time":"2618.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2618.469","end_time":"2618.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2618.669","end_time":"2618.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2618.989","end_time":"2619.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2619.09","end_time":"2619.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"listen"}],"start_time":"2619.409","end_time":"2619.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2619.77","end_time":"2619.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"2619.919","end_time":"2620.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2620.949","end_time":"2621.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"after"}],"start_time":"2621.389","end_time":"2621.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2621.76","end_time":"2622.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2622.149","end_time":"2622.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2622.449","end_time":"2622.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2622.469","end_time":"2622.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"replicate"}],"start_time":"2622.709","end_time":"2623.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2623.239","end_time":"2623.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2623.419","end_time":"2623.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2623.51","end_time":"2623.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"practice"}],"start_time":"2623.87","end_time":"2624.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2624.56","end_time":"2624.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2624.699","end_time":"2624.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2624.899","end_time":"2625.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2625.03","end_time":"2625.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2625.78","end_time":"2626.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2626.689","end_time":"2626.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.724","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2626.889","end_time":"2626.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"2626.929","end_time":"2627.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2627.399","end_time":"2627.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2627.5","end_time":"2627.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2627.699","end_time":"2627.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2627.739","end_time":"2627.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2627.919","end_time":"2628.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"adapt"}],"start_time":"2628.08","end_time":"2628.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2628.449","end_time":"2628.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.707","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2628.78","end_time":"2628.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"2628.81","end_time":"2629.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2629.08","end_time":"2629.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2629.31","end_time":"2629.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.846","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2629.409","end_time":"2629.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"2629.54","end_time":"2630.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"2630.01","end_time":"2630.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Others"}],"start_time":"2630.649","end_time":"2631.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2631.37","end_time":"2631.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2631.389","end_time":"2632.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"replicated"}],"start_time":"2632.05","end_time":"2632.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2632.689","end_time":"2632.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2632.899","end_time":"2632.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"2632.919","end_time":"2633.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2633.139","end_time":"2633.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2633.199","end_time":"2633.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2633.33","end_time":"2633.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"2633.419","end_time":"2633.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"2633.6","end_time":"2634.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.708","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2634.149","end_time":"2634.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.541","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2634.36","end_time":"2634.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2634.399","end_time":"2634.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.732","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2634.78","end_time":"2634.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"2635.399","end_time":"2635.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2635.59","end_time":"2635.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2638.31","end_time":"2638.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"2638.469","end_time":"2638.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2638.76","end_time":"2638.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2638.879","end_time":"2638.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"our"}],"start_time":"2638.989","end_time":"2639.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"2639.04","end_time":"2639.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"2639.469","end_time":"2639.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2639.929","end_time":"2640.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2640.04","end_time":"2640.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2640.189","end_time":"2640.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2640.29","end_time":"2640.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2640.399","end_time":"2640.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2640.719","end_time":"2641.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2641.04","end_time":"2641.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"call"}],"start_time":"2641.139","end_time":"2641.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"road"}],"start_time":"2641.25","end_time":"2641.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.664","content":"shows"}],"start_time":"2641.5","end_time":"2641.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2641.84","end_time":"2642.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"events"}],"start_time":"2642.02","end_time":"2642.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2642.719","end_time":"2642.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"different"}],"start_time":"2642.76","end_time":"2643.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"2643.35","end_time":"2643.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2644.3","end_time":"2644.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2644.889","end_time":"2645.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2645.159","end_time":"2645.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"arrived"}],"start_time":"2645.199","end_time":"2645.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2645.57","end_time":"2646.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"Road"}],"start_time":"2646.36","end_time":"2646.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.72","content":"Show"}],"start_time":"2646.5","end_time":"2646.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2646.57","end_time":"2646.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2646.78","end_time":"2646.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"40"}],"start_time":"2646.969","end_time":"2647.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"attendees"}],"start_time":"2647.639","end_time":"2648.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2648.189","end_time":"2648.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2648.379","end_time":"2648.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"2648.449","end_time":"2649.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2649.379","end_time":"2649.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"When"}],"start_time":"2649.409","end_time":"2649.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2649.79","end_time":"2649.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2649.909","end_time":"2650.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"road"}],"start_time":"2650.06","end_time":"2650.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"shows"}],"start_time":"2650.35","end_time":"2650.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2650.59","end_time":"2650.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"2650.669","end_time":"2651.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2651.169","end_time":"2651.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2651.28","end_time":"2651.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"thousands"}],"start_time":"2651.379","end_time":"2651.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2651.689","end_time":"2651.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2651.77","end_time":"2652.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2652.12","end_time":"2652.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"2652.28","end_time":"2652.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"2652.679","end_time":"2652.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2652.77","end_time":"2652.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"thousands"}],"start_time":"2652.86","end_time":"2653.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2653.209","end_time":"2653.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2653.3","end_time":"2653.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2653.689","end_time":"2653.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2653.87","end_time":"2653.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2653.949","end_time":"2654.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"40"}],"start_time":"2654.09","end_time":"2654.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2654.689","end_time":"2654.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"such"}],"start_time":"2654.969","end_time":"2655.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2655.25","end_time":"2655.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2655.27","end_time":"2655.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"2655.469","end_time":"2655.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2655.879","end_time":"2656.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"large"}],"start_time":"2656.04","end_time":"2656.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.777","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"2656.26","end_time":"2656.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.513","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2656.669","end_time":"2656.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"2656.709","end_time":"2657.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2657.179","end_time":"2657.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2657.969","end_time":"2658.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2658.36","end_time":"2658.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2658.55","end_time":"2658.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2658.83","end_time":"2658.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"usual"}],"start_time":"2658.909","end_time":"2659.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"2659.31","end_time":"2659.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tactics"}],"start_time":"2659.84","end_time":"2660.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2660.889","end_time":"2661.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Facebook"}],"start_time":"2661.11","end_time":"2661.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ads"}],"start_time":"2661.77","end_time":"2662.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.913","content":"linkedin"}],"start_time":"2662.08","end_time":"2662.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ads"}],"start_time":"2662.409","end_time":"2663.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2663.32","end_time":"2663.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mass"}],"start_time":"2663.37","end_time":"2664.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"mailing"}],"start_time":"2664.129","end_time":"2664.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2664.56","end_time":"2664.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2664.729","end_time":"2664.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2664.82","end_time":"2665.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2665.06","end_time":"2665.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2665.219","end_time":"2665.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2665.399","end_time":"2665.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"went"}],"start_time":"2665.419","end_time":"2665.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2665.659","end_time":"2665.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"600"}],"start_time":"2665.969","end_time":"2666.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"attendees"}],"start_time":"2666.5","end_time":"2667.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2667.28","end_time":"2667.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2667.32","end_time":"2667.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2667.55","end_time":"2667.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"starts"}],"start_time":"2667.85","end_time":"2668.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2668.449","end_time":"2668.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2668.61","end_time":"2668.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2668.729","end_time":"2669.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"2669.129","end_time":"2669.679"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2669.889","end_time":"2670.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2670.179","end_time":"2670.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"came"}],"start_time":"2670.199","end_time":"2670.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2670.51","end_time":"2670.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2670.6","end_time":"2670.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"management"}],"start_time":"2670.649","end_time":"2671.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2671.139","end_time":"2671.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"proud"}],"start_time":"2671.37","end_time":"2671.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2671.61","end_time":"2671.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2671.729","end_time":"2672.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Were"}],"start_time":"2672.29","end_time":"2672.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2672.669","end_time":"2672.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"2672.78","end_time":"2673.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2673.09","end_time":"2673.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"2673.169","end_time":"2673.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2673.399","end_time":"2673.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"No"}],"start_time":"2674.1","end_time":"2674.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"no"}],"start_time":"2674.33","end_time":"2674.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2674.54","end_time":"2674.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2674.879","end_time":"2674.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2674.899","end_time":"2675.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2675.35","end_time":"2675.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2675.75","end_time":"2676.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2676.149","end_time":"2676.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2676.179","end_time":"2677.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2677.08","end_time":"2677.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"2677.1","end_time":"2677.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2677.51","end_time":"2677.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.644","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2677.8","end_time":"2677.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.733","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2677.86","end_time":"2677.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"demonstration"}],"start_time":"2677.889","end_time":"2678.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2678.54","end_time":"2678.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2678.639","end_time":"2678.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2678.729","end_time":"2679.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2679.51","end_time":"2679.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.479","content":"other"}],"start_time":"2679.729","end_time":"2679.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"community"}],"start_time":"2679.889","end_time":"2680.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2680.51","end_time":"2680.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"together"}],"start_time":"2680.79","end_time":"2681.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"presentation"}],"start_time":"2681.28","end_time":"2681.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2681.76","end_time":"2681.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"customers"}],"start_time":"2681.8","end_time":"2682.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"2682.32","end_time":"2682.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2682.56","end_time":"2682.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2682.639","end_time":"2682.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2682.929","end_time":"2683.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2683.05","end_time":"2683.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"use"}],"start_time":"2683.12","end_time":"2683.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"digital"}],"start_time":"2683.479","end_time":"2684.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2684.429","end_time":"2684.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"create"}],"start_time":"2684.669","end_time":"2685.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2685.389","end_time":"2685.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"community"}],"start_time":"2685.409","end_time":"2685.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"online"}],"start_time":"2685.969","end_time":"2686.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"2686.449","end_time":"2686.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2686.61","end_time":"2686.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"already"}],"start_time":"2686.81","end_time":"2687.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2687.08","end_time":"2687.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2687.25","end_time":"2687.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2687.27","end_time":"2687.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"community"}],"start_time":"2687.409","end_time":"2687.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2687.8","end_time":"2687.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2687.84","end_time":"2687.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2687.929","end_time":"2688.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"2688.12","end_time":"2688.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"leverage"}],"start_time":"2688.159","end_time":"2688.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2688.639","end_time":"2688.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"community"}],"start_time":"2688.76","end_time":"2689.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2689.32","end_time":"2689.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"try"}],"start_time":"2689.439","end_time":"2689.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2689.709","end_time":"2689.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"2689.79","end_time":"2689.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2690.0","end_time":"2690.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2690.209","end_time":"2690.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2691.129","end_time":"2691.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2691.61","end_time":"2691.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2691.889","end_time":"2692.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2692.36","end_time":"2692.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"events"}],"start_time":"2692.399","end_time":"2692.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2692.86","end_time":"2692.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2693.0","end_time":"2693.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2693.28","end_time":"2693.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2693.439","end_time":"2693.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"site"}],"start_time":"2693.719","end_time":"2694.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2694.29","end_time":"2694.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2694.5","end_time":"2694.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"2694.719","end_time":"2695.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"Delhi"}],"start_time":"2695.04","end_time":"2695.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Mumbai"}],"start_time":"2695.3","end_time":"2696.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.633","content":"Ahmedabad"}],"start_time":"2696.679","end_time":"2697.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Pune"}],"start_time":"2697.5","end_time":"2697.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2698.3","end_time":"2698.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2698.55","end_time":"2698.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2698.709","end_time":"2698.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2698.86","end_time":"2698.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"2698.879","end_time":"2699.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.511","content":"grip"}],"start_time":"2699.58","end_time":"2700.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"through"}],"start_time":"2700.06","end_time":"2700.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"social"}],"start_time":"2700.33","end_time":"2700.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"media"}],"start_time":"2700.679","end_time":"2701.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.868","content":"linkedin"}],"start_time":"2701.79","end_time":"2701.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2702.3","end_time":"2702.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2702.81","end_time":"2702.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2702.979","end_time":"2703.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2703.199","end_time":"2703.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2703.679","end_time":"2704.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2704.1","end_time":"2704.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.617","content":"many"}],"start_time":"2704.34","end_time":"2704.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2704.419","end_time":"2704.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"few"}],"start_time":"2704.59","end_time":"2704.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2704.81","end_time":"2705.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"When"}],"start_time":"2705.159","end_time":"2705.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2705.28","end_time":"2705.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"started"}],"start_time":"2705.379","end_time":"2705.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2705.87","end_time":"2705.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2705.959","end_time":"2706.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2706.419","end_time":"2706.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2706.879","end_time":"2707.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advertising"}],"start_time":"2707.12","end_time":"2707.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2707.78","end_time":"2707.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"2707.919","end_time":"2708.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2708.169","end_time":"2708.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"attendees"}],"start_time":"2708.449","end_time":"2708.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2708.83","end_time":"2709.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.257","content":"origins"}],"start_time":"2709.02","end_time":"2709.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"This"}],"start_time":"2709.449","end_time":"2709.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2709.629","end_time":"2709.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"performance"}],"start_time":"2709.719","end_time":"2710.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"advertising"}],"start_time":"2710.29","end_time":"2710.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2711.53","end_time":"2711.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Facebook"}],"start_time":"2711.85","end_time":"2712.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Facebook"}],"start_time":"2712.59","end_time":"2713.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"linkedin"}],"start_time":"2713.06","end_time":"2713.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.566","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2713.76","end_time":"2713.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"use"}],"start_time":"2714.649","end_time":"2714.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"our"}],"start_time":"2714.989","end_time":"2715.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2715.469","end_time":"2715.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"2715.85","end_time":"2716.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2716.26","end_time":"2716.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2716.6","end_time":"2716.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2716.76","end_time":"2717.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"ones"}],"start_time":"2717.129","end_time":"2717.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"who"}],"start_time":"2717.379","end_time":"2717.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"use"}],"start_time":"2717.409","end_time":"2717.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2717.79","end_time":"2717.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"potentially"}],"start_time":"2718.0","end_time":"2718.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2718.639","end_time":"2718.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"use"}],"start_time":"2718.83","end_time":"2719.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2719.08","end_time":"2719.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2719.11","end_time":"2719.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2719.919","end_time":"2720.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2720.139","end_time":"2720.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2720.159","end_time":"2720.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2720.35","end_time":"2720.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2720.75","end_time":"2720.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"scaled"}],"start_time":"2720.82","end_time":"2721.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2721.27","end_time":"2721.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2721.52","end_time":"2721.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2721.649","end_time":"2721.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"2721.75","end_time":"2721.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"where"}],"start_time":"2721.969","end_time":"2722.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2722.389","end_time":"2722.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2722.409","end_time":"2722.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"2722.84","end_time":"2722.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2723.0","end_time":"2723.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"600"}],"start_time":"2723.12","end_time":"2723.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"registered"}],"start_time":"2723.59","end_time":"2724.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.406","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2724.31","end_time":"2724.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.202","content":"least"}],"start_time":"2724.35","end_time":"2724.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2724.489","end_time":"2724.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"2724.57","end_time":"2724.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2724.909","end_time":"2725.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2725.02","end_time":"2725.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2725.149","end_time":"2725.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2725.409","end_time":"2725.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2725.699","end_time":"2725.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2725.879","end_time":"2725.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2725.899","end_time":"2726.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2726.02","end_time":"2726.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"yeah"}],"start_time":"2726.33","end_time":"2726.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2726.479","end_time":"2726.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.929","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2726.81","end_time":"2726.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2727.75","end_time":"2727.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2727.979","end_time":"2728.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2728.5","end_time":"2728.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"only"}],"start_time":"2728.909","end_time":"2729.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9966666666666667","content":"120"}],"start_time":"2729.34","end_time":"2730.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2730.179","end_time":"2730.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"show"}],"start_time":"2730.5","end_time":"2730.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"off"}],"start_time":"2730.729","end_time":"2731.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2731.479","end_time":"2731.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2731.51","end_time":"2732.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"went"}],"start_time":"2732.209","end_time":"2732.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2732.55","end_time":"2732.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"went"}],"start_time":"2732.76","end_time":"2733.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2733.01","end_time":"2733.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2733.149","end_time":"2733.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"event"}],"start_time":"2733.28","end_time":"2733.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"2733.6","end_time":"2733.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"2733.899","end_time":"2734.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2734.55","end_time":"2734.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2734.76","end_time":"2734.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"2734.879","end_time":"2735.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"show"}],"start_time":"2735.04","end_time":"2735.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2735.419","end_time":"2735.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"huge"}],"start_time":"2735.689","end_time":"2736.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2736.229","end_time":"2736.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"80%"}],"start_time":"2736.669","end_time":"2737.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"2737.26","end_time":"2737.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"show"}],"start_time":"2737.31","end_time":"2737.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2737.649","end_time":"2737.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"600"}],"start_time":"2737.82","end_time":"2738.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2738.219","end_time":"2738.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"signed"}],"start_time":"2738.51","end_time":"2738.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"2738.82","end_time":"2738.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2738.929","end_time":"2739.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2739.04","end_time":"2739.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"event"}],"start_time":"2739.1","end_time":"2739.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2739.409","end_time":"2739.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"2739.489","end_time":"2739.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"120"}],"start_time":"2739.77","end_time":"2740.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"came"}],"start_time":"2740.239","end_time":"2740.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2741.51","end_time":"2742.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2742.199","end_time":"2742.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2742.57","end_time":"2743.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2743.189","end_time":"2743.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.591","content":"why"}],"start_time":"2743.51","end_time":"2743.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2743.699","end_time":"2743.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"noticed"}],"start_time":"2743.729","end_time":"2744.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2744.11","end_time":"2744.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2744.199","end_time":"2744.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2744.239","end_time":"2744.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2744.55","end_time":"2744.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"different"}],"start_time":"2744.669","end_time":"2745.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.877","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2745.189","end_time":"2745.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2745.209","end_time":"2745.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2746.11","end_time":"2746.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2746.31","end_time":"2746.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2746.409","end_time":"2746.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2746.59","end_time":"2746.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2746.84","end_time":"2747.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2747.25","end_time":"2748.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2748.459","end_time":"2748.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2748.82","end_time":"2748.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"2748.969","end_time":"2749.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2749.29","end_time":"2749.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"2749.31","end_time":"2749.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2749.57","end_time":"2749.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2749.699","end_time":"2749.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2749.719","end_time":"2749.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"2749.929","end_time":"2750.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2750.229","end_time":"2750.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"an"}],"start_time":"2750.429","end_time":"2750.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"apartment"}],"start_time":"2750.489","end_time":"2751.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2751.06","end_time":"2751.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"house"}],"start_time":"2751.25","end_time":"2751.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2751.55","end_time":"2751.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2751.659","end_time":"2752.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2752.09","end_time":"2752.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2752.35","end_time":"2752.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2752.58","end_time":"2753.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2753.05","end_time":"2753.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2753.56","end_time":"2753.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"booking"}],"start_time":"2753.81","end_time":"2754.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2754.239","end_time":"2754.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2754.449","end_time":"2754.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2754.8","end_time":"2755.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2755.169","end_time":"2755.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"visit"}],"start_time":"2755.3","end_time":"2755.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"houses"}],"start_time":"2755.62","end_time":"2756.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2756.33","end_time":"2756.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"50%"}],"start_time":"2756.81","end_time":"2757.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2757.439","end_time":"2757.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2757.57","end_time":"2757.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"2757.62","end_time":"2757.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2757.85","end_time":"2757.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2757.969","end_time":"2758.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2758.239","end_time":"2758.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"come"}],"start_time":"2758.479","end_time":"2758.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2758.85","end_time":"2759.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.506","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2759.01","end_time":"2759.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.862","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2759.75","end_time":"2759.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"arrive"}],"start_time":"2759.979","end_time":"2760.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"nobody's"}],"start_time":"2760.31","end_time":"2760.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2760.82","end_time":"2761.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2761.37","end_time":"2761.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2761.56","end_time":"2761.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2761.699","end_time":"2761.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"call"}],"start_time":"2761.81","end_time":"2762.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2762.12","end_time":"2762.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hour"}],"start_time":"2762.29","end_time":"2762.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"2762.449","end_time":"2763.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2763.01","end_time":"2763.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2763.149","end_time":"2763.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2763.33","end_time":"2763.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"2763.55","end_time":"2764.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2764.01","end_time":"2764.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2764.209","end_time":"2764.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2764.949","end_time":"2765.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2765.169","end_time":"2765.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2765.449","end_time":"2765.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"come"}],"start_time":"2765.61","end_time":"2765.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2766.239","end_time":"2766.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2766.55","end_time":"2767.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2767.25","end_time":"2767.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2767.27","end_time":"2767.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2767.33","end_time":"2768.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2768.01","end_time":"2768.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"2768.51","end_time":"2769.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2769.01","end_time":"2769.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2769.189","end_time":"2769.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"2769.34","end_time":"2769.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2769.75","end_time":"2769.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2769.86","end_time":"2769.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2769.989","end_time":"2770.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2770.239","end_time":"2770.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"20%"}],"start_time":"2770.34","end_time":"2770.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2770.8","end_time":"2770.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2770.87","end_time":"2770.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"attendees"}],"start_time":"2770.949","end_time":"2771.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"come"}],"start_time":"2771.35","end_time":"2771.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2772.06","end_time":"2772.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2772.31","end_time":"2772.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2772.469","end_time":"2772.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"started"}],"start_time":"2772.84","end_time":"2773.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2773.199","end_time":"2773.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2773.33","end_time":"2773.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2773.989","end_time":"2774.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2774.159","end_time":"2774.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2774.26","end_time":"2774.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2774.52","end_time":"2774.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2774.82","end_time":"2775.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2775.629","end_time":"2775.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"2775.659","end_time":"2776.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2776.219","end_time":"2776.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.807","content":"reminder"}],"start_time":"2776.419","end_time":"2776.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2776.949","end_time":"2777.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hour"}],"start_time":"2777.149","end_time":"2777.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"2777.409","end_time":"2777.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2777.76","end_time":"2777.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"event"}],"start_time":"2777.83","end_time":"2778.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2778.25","end_time":"2778.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"day"}],"start_time":"2778.479","end_time":"2778.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"2778.659","end_time":"2779.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2779.04","end_time":"2779.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"event"}],"start_time":"2779.11","end_time":"2779.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"S"}],"start_time":"2779.659","end_time":"2779.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"MS"}],"start_time":"2779.919","end_time":"2780.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"2780.189","end_time":"2780.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2780.709","end_time":"2780.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2780.87","end_time":"2780.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"works"}],"start_time":"2780.979","end_time":"2781.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2781.239","end_time":"2781.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2781.409","end_time":"2781.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2782.09","end_time":"2782.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2782.29","end_time":"2782.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2782.479","end_time":"2782.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"2782.56","end_time":"2782.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2782.82","end_time":"2782.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2782.879","end_time":"2783.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"2783.159","end_time":"2783.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2783.37","end_time":"2783.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"2783.389","end_time":"2783.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2783.739","end_time":"2783.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2783.78","end_time":"2784.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.784","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2784.28","end_time":"2784.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nobody"}],"start_time":"2784.439","end_time":"2784.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"use"}],"start_time":"2784.85","end_time":"2785.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2785.199","end_time":"2785.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2785.219","end_time":"2785.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2785.459","end_time":"2785.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2785.76","end_time":"2785.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"using"}],"start_time":"2785.939","end_time":"2786.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2786.159","end_time":"2786.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2786.479","end_time":"2786.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"2786.56","end_time":"2787.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.807","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2787.439","end_time":"2787.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"2787.79","end_time":"2788.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2788.07","end_time":"2788.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everybody"}],"start_time":"2788.379","end_time":"2788.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"use"}],"start_time":"2788.979","end_time":"2789.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2789.37","end_time":"2789.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2789.929","end_time":"2790.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2790.239","end_time":"2790.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"2790.36","end_time":"2790.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2790.56","end_time":"2790.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2790.75","end_time":"2790.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"automated"}],"start_time":"2790.87","end_time":"2791.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reminder"}],"start_time":"2791.34","end_time":"2792.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2792.1","end_time":"2792.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.81","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2792.33","end_time":"2792.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2792.78","end_time":"2793.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2793.189","end_time":"2793.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2793.35","end_time":"2793.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2793.919","end_time":"2794.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2794.02","end_time":"2794.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.209","content":"reach"}],"start_time":"2794.459","end_time":"2794.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.693","content":"us"}],"start_time":"2794.84","end_time":"2795.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2795.75","end_time":"2796.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2796.699","end_time":"2796.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2796.959","end_time":"2797.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"2797.06","end_time":"2797.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2797.399","end_time":"2797.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2797.5","end_time":"2797.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2797.699","end_time":"2798.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2798.139","end_time":"2798.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"put"}],"start_time":"2798.439","end_time":"2798.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2798.699","end_time":"2798.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2798.86","end_time":"2798.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2798.939","end_time":"2799.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2799.02","end_time":"2799.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2799.629","end_time":"2799.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"now"}],"start_time":"2799.87","end_time":"2800.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.635","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2800.02","end_time":"2800.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2800.199","end_time":"2800.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2800.419","end_time":"2800.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2800.82","end_time":"2800.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2800.889","end_time":"2801.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2801.05","end_time":"2801.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"applications"}],"start_time":"2801.159","end_time":"2801.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.625","content":"instant"}],"start_time":"2801.669","end_time":"2801.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"out"}],"start_time":"2802.179","end_time":"2802.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2802.639","end_time":"2803.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2803.03","end_time":"2803.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"point"}],"start_time":"2803.139","end_time":"2803.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2803.459","end_time":"2803.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sale"}],"start_time":"2803.58","end_time":"2803.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"When"}],"start_time":"2803.929","end_time":"2804.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2804.08","end_time":"2804.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2804.26","end_time":"2804.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"tickets"}],"start_time":"2804.449","end_time":"2804.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2804.889","end_time":"2804.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"receive"}],"start_time":"2804.949","end_time":"2805.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2805.34","end_time":"2805.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"tickets"}],"start_time":"2805.62","end_time":"2805.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2805.929","end_time":"2806.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2806.03","end_time":"2806.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bill"}],"start_time":"2806.489","end_time":"2806.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2806.969","end_time":"2807.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"receive"}],"start_time":"2807.06","end_time":"2807.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2807.37","end_time":"2807.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"bill"}],"start_time":"2807.489","end_time":"2807.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2807.669","end_time":"2807.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"invoice"}],"start_time":"2807.699","end_time":"2808.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2808.03","end_time":"2808.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2808.12","end_time":"2808.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.644","content":"events"}],"start_time":"2808.899","end_time":"2809.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2809.34","end_time":"2809.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2809.489","end_time":"2809.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2809.639","end_time":"2809.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"notification"}],"start_time":"2809.77","end_time":"2810.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"registration"}],"start_time":"2810.419","end_time":"2811.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"notification"}],"start_time":"2811.189","end_time":"2811.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2811.8","end_time":"2811.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2811.969","end_time":"2812.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"2812.29","end_time":"2812.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2813.07","end_time":"2813.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2813.34","end_time":"2813.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2813.54","end_time":"2813.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"helped"}],"start_time":"2813.669","end_time":"2813.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"2813.979","end_time":"2814.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"over"}],"start_time":"2814.229","end_time":"2814.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.839","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2814.36","end_time":"2814.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"2814.54","end_time":"2815.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2815.04","end_time":"2815.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2815.58","end_time":"2815.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2815.879","end_time":"2816.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"deployed"}],"start_time":"2816.02","end_time":"2816.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2816.469","end_time":"2816.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2816.699","end_time":"2816.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2816.919","end_time":"2816.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Latin"}],"start_time":"2816.939","end_time":"2817.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"America"}],"start_time":"2817.31","end_time":"2817.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2817.75","end_time":"2818.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2818.01","end_time":"2818.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2818.32","end_time":"2818.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2818.53","end_time":"2818.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"2819.03","end_time":"2819.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"deployed"}],"start_time":"2819.27","end_time":"2819.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2819.699","end_time":"2819.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2819.82","end_time":"2819.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"2819.919","end_time":"2820.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"2820.449","end_time":"2820.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"love"}],"start_time":"2820.56","end_time":"2820.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"2820.8","end_time":"2821.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2821.12","end_time":"2821.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"It"}],"start_time":"2821.5","end_time":"2821.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2821.699","end_time":"2821.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2821.969","end_time":"2822.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2822.139","end_time":"2822.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2822.3","end_time":"2822.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2822.6","end_time":"2822.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"2822.62","end_time":"2822.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2822.899","end_time":"2822.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"2822.979","end_time":"2823.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2823.26","end_time":"2823.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2824.239","end_time":"2824.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2824.449","end_time":"2824.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2824.54","end_time":"2824.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"word"}],"start_time":"2824.669","end_time":"2824.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"empathy"}],"start_time":"2824.889","end_time":"2825.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"empathy"}],"start_time":"2826.0","end_time":"2826.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2826.53","end_time":"2826.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2826.669","end_time":"2826.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"understanding"}],"start_time":"2826.83","end_time":"2827.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"2827.479","end_time":"2827.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"else's"}],"start_time":"2827.699","end_time":"2827.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"emotions"}],"start_time":"2827.949","end_time":"2828.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2828.879","end_time":"2829.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"2829.01","end_time":"2829.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2829.36","end_time":"2829.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.777","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2829.51","end_time":"2829.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2829.649","end_time":"2829.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2829.75","end_time":"2830.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"person's"}],"start_time":"2830.36","end_time":"2830.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"career"}],"start_time":"2830.77","end_time":"2831.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Somewhere"}],"start_time":"2831.479","end_time":"2832.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"2832.429","end_time":"2832.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2832.929","end_time":"2833.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"gain"}],"start_time":"2833.04","end_time":"2833.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"some"}],"start_time":"2833.33","end_time":"2833.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"success"}],"start_time":"2833.54","end_time":"2834.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2834.25","end_time":"2834.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.702","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2834.449","end_time":"2834.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2834.489","end_time":"2834.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2834.58","end_time":"2834.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"point"}],"start_time":"2834.6","end_time":"2834.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"where"}],"start_time":"2834.909","end_time":"2834.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2834.979","end_time":"2835.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"begin"}],"start_time":"2835.07","end_time":"2835.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2835.389","end_time":"2835.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lose"}],"start_time":"2835.51","end_time":"2835.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2835.879","end_time":"2835.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"little"}],"start_time":"2835.899","end_time":"2836.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"empathy"}],"start_time":"2836.169","end_time":"2836.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2836.989","end_time":"2837.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2837.35","end_time":"2837.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"2837.729","end_time":"2838.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2838.09","end_time":"2838.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2838.139","end_time":"2838.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dry"}],"start_time":"2838.459","end_time":"2838.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2838.82","end_time":"2838.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mathematical"}],"start_time":"2838.899","end_time":"2839.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2840.27","end_time":"2840.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2840.6","end_time":"2840.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2840.719","end_time":"2840.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.745","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2840.76","end_time":"2840.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"2840.83","end_time":"2841.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2841.03","end_time":"2841.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"self"}],"start_time":"2841.149","end_time":"2841.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"correct"}],"start_time":"2841.489","end_time":"2841.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.701","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"2841.87","end_time":"2841.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"seen"}],"start_time":"2841.899","end_time":"2842.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2842.159","end_time":"2842.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2842.3","end_time":"2842.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2842.429","end_time":"2842.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2842.449","end_time":"2842.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2842.83","end_time":"2843.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2843.419","end_time":"2843.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"2843.5","end_time":"2844.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"folks"}],"start_time":"2844.479","end_time":"2844.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.479","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"2844.719","end_time":"2844.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2844.79","end_time":"2844.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2844.979","end_time":"2845.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2845.1","end_time":"2845.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"2845.159","end_time":"2845.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"2845.389","end_time":"2845.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2845.53","end_time":"2845.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"A"}],"start_time":"2845.929","end_time":"2845.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2845.989","end_time":"2846.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2846.51","end_time":"2846.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2846.61","end_time":"2847.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2847.649","end_time":"2848.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2848.33","end_time":"2848.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2848.52","end_time":"2848.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"biggest"}],"start_time":"2848.649","end_time":"2848.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mistakes"}],"start_time":"2849.0","end_time":"2849.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"2849.429","end_time":"2849.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2849.949","end_time":"2849.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"point"}],"start_time":"2850.0","end_time":"2850.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"2850.75","end_time":"2850.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2850.85","end_time":"2850.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"overvalued"}],"start_time":"2850.919","end_time":"2851.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2851.719","end_time":"2851.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2851.929","end_time":"2852.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"2852.06","end_time":"2852.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"2852.179","end_time":"2852.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2852.449","end_time":"2852.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"2852.56","end_time":"2852.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2853.05","end_time":"2853.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"2853.379","end_time":"2853.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"2853.479","end_time":"2853.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"2853.59","end_time":"2853.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2853.76","end_time":"2853.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"chase"}],"start_time":"2853.82","end_time":"2854.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"2854.04","end_time":"2854.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"too"}],"start_time":"2854.389","end_time":"2854.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"2854.5","end_time":"2854.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2854.77","end_time":"2854.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"even"}],"start_time":"2854.85","end_time":"2855.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"here"}],"start_time":"2855.05","end_time":"2855.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2855.3","end_time":"2855.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"2855.35","end_time":"2855.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"2855.459","end_time":"2855.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"layers"}],"start_time":"2855.79","end_time":"2856.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.69","content":"d"}],"start_time":"2856.07","end_time":"2856.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.819","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2856.159","end_time":"2856.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.769","content":"boiled"}],"start_time":"2856.28","end_time":"2856.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2856.6","end_time":"2856.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"down"}],"start_time":"2856.629","end_time":"2856.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2856.83","end_time":"2856.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2856.879","end_time":"2857.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"same"}],"start_time":"2857.02","end_time":"2857.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2857.219","end_time":"2857.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"2857.53","end_time":"2857.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2857.899","end_time":"2857.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mistake"}],"start_time":"2857.919","end_time":"2858.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2858.33","end_time":"2858.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.636","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"2858.35","end_time":"2858.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2858.5","end_time":"2858.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2858.629","end_time":"2858.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2858.739","end_time":"2858.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"time"}],"start_time":"2858.979","end_time":"2859.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2859.169","end_time":"2859.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2859.189","end_time":"2859.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2859.449","end_time":"2859.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"2859.679","end_time":"2860.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"right"}],"start_time":"2860.34","end_time":"2860.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.74","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2861.86","end_time":"2862.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"2862.649","end_time":"2863.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2863.159","end_time":"2863.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2863.239","end_time":"2863.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2863.31","end_time":"2863.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"2863.5","end_time":"2863.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2863.75","end_time":"2863.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2863.87","end_time":"2863.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"twenties"}],"start_time":"2863.959","end_time":"2864.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"2865.149","end_time":"2865.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.707","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"2865.56","end_time":"2865.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"44"}],"start_time":"2865.75","end_time":"2866.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2866.439","end_time":"2866.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2866.59","end_time":"2866.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2866.689","end_time":"2866.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"nice"}],"start_time":"2866.709","end_time":"2866.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"family"}],"start_time":"2866.989","end_time":"2867.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2867.35","end_time":"2868.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2868.25","end_time":"2868.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2868.53","end_time":"2868.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2868.75","end_time":"2868.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2868.77","end_time":"2869.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2869.11","end_time":"2869.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"material"}],"start_time":"2869.28","end_time":"2869.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"2869.949","end_time":"2870.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2870.159","end_time":"2870.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"2870.26","end_time":"2870.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2870.29","end_time":"2870.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2870.439","end_time":"2870.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2870.78","end_time":"2870.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"2870.879","end_time":"2871.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"well"}],"start_time":"2871.139","end_time":"2871.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2871.82","end_time":"2872.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.587","content":"Europe's"}],"start_time":"2872.08","end_time":"2873.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2873.129","end_time":"2873.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2873.399","end_time":"2873.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.811","content":"Europe's"}],"start_time":"2873.469","end_time":"2873.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"youngest"}],"start_time":"2873.8","end_time":"2874.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"billionaires"}],"start_time":"2874.139","end_time":"2874.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"2874.679","end_time":"2875.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2875.37","end_time":"2875.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2875.409","end_time":"2875.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"2875.479","end_time":"2875.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"back"}],"start_time":"2875.629","end_time":"2875.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2875.879","end_time":"2875.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"2875.929","end_time":"2876.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"twenties"}],"start_time":"2876.04","end_time":"2876.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2876.85","end_time":"2876.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.643","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2876.87","end_time":"2876.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2876.889","end_time":"2877.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"2877.489","end_time":"2877.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2877.879","end_time":"2877.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2877.989","end_time":"2878.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2878.129","end_time":"2878.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"2878.25","end_time":"2878.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2878.55","end_time":"2878.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2878.639","end_time":"2879.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"2879.489","end_time":"2879.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2879.969","end_time":"2880.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2880.29","end_time":"2880.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2880.31","end_time":"2880.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"20"}],"start_time":"2880.53","end_time":"2881.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2881.09","end_time":"2881.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2881.36","end_time":"2881.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.657","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2881.8","end_time":"2881.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2881.949","end_time":"2881.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2881.969","end_time":"2882.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2882.189","end_time":"2882.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"2882.27","end_time":"2882.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2882.489","end_time":"2882.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2882.56","end_time":"2882.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2882.77","end_time":"2883.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"today"}],"start_time":"2883.52","end_time":"2883.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2883.929","end_time":"2884.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2884.06","end_time":"2884.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2884.429","end_time":"2884.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2884.649","end_time":"2884.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2884.679","end_time":"2884.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2884.899","end_time":"2884.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"2884.959","end_time":"2885.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2885.169","end_time":"2885.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2885.219","end_time":"2885.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2885.409","end_time":"2885.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2886.209","end_time":"2887.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2887.01","end_time":"2887.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2887.129","end_time":"2887.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"2887.899","end_time":"2888.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Of"}],"start_time":"2888.33","end_time":"2888.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"course"}],"start_time":"2888.409","end_time":"2888.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"2889.179","end_time":"2889.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"2889.77","end_time":"2890.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2890.29","end_time":"2890.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"2890.409","end_time":"2891.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2891.169","end_time":"2891.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"long"}],"start_time":"2891.25","end_time":"2891.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"term"}],"start_time":"2891.479","end_time":"2891.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"vision"}],"start_time":"2891.649","end_time":"2892.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2892.37","end_time":"2892.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2892.84","end_time":"2892.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2892.86","end_time":"2893.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2893.159","end_time":"2893.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2893.27","end_time":"2893.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2893.5","end_time":"2893.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2893.75","end_time":"2893.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2893.77","end_time":"2894.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"remains"}],"start_time":"2894.379","end_time":"2895.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2895.25","end_time":"2895.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"2895.33","end_time":"2895.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"2895.709","end_time":"2895.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2896.0","end_time":"2896.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"majority"}],"start_time":"2896.05","end_time":"2896.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2896.449","end_time":"2896.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"2896.54","end_time":"2896.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"2896.719","end_time":"2897.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2897.409","end_time":"2897.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"making"}],"start_time":"2897.75","end_time":"2898.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"2898.469","end_time":"2898.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2898.669","end_time":"2898.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.758","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2898.81","end_time":"2898.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.278","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2898.87","end_time":"2898.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2899.0","end_time":"2899.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"2899.129","end_time":"2899.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2899.32","end_time":"2899.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"than"}],"start_time":"2899.54","end_time":"2899.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2899.659","end_time":"2899.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"competitor"}],"start_time":"2899.709","end_time":"2900.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"improving"}],"start_time":"2900.6","end_time":"2901.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2901.159","end_time":"2901.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"2901.239","end_time":"2901.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2901.659","end_time":"2901.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"2901.87","end_time":"2902.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2902.08","end_time":"2902.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"2902.169","end_time":"2902.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"2902.56","end_time":"2902.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"2902.76","end_time":"2902.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"2902.969","end_time":"2903.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2903.179","end_time":"2903.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2903.35","end_time":"2903.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2903.37","end_time":"2903.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2904.28","end_time":"2904.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"2904.53","end_time":"2904.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2904.75","end_time":"2904.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"now"}],"start_time":"2904.989","end_time":"2905.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"2906.04","end_time":"2906.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2906.669","end_time":"2906.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2906.729","end_time":"2907.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2907.01","end_time":"2907.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2907.389","end_time":"2907.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"are"}],"start_time":"2907.489","end_time":"2907.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"small"}],"start_time":"2907.59","end_time":"2907.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2907.989","end_time":"2908.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"50"}],"start_time":"2908.229","end_time":"2908.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2908.55","end_time":"2908.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2908.989","end_time":"2909.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2909.26","end_time":"2909.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2909.459","end_time":"2909.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"deal"}],"start_time":"2909.59","end_time":"2909.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2909.87","end_time":"2910.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2910.189","end_time":"2910.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hr"}],"start_time":"2910.429","end_time":"2910.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"2910.879","end_time":"2911.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"When"}],"start_time":"2911.669","end_time":"2911.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2911.889","end_time":"2911.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.606","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2911.979","end_time":"2911.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7415","content":"re"}],"start_time":"2912.0","end_time":"2912.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2912.07","end_time":"2912.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2912.86","end_time":"2913.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2913.03","end_time":"2913.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"delegate"}],"start_time":"2913.229","end_time":"2913.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2913.629","end_time":"2913.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"hr"}],"start_time":"2913.76","end_time":"2914.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"2914.03","end_time":"2914.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2914.37","end_time":"2914.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2914.53","end_time":"2914.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2914.889","end_time":"2915.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"2915.27","end_time":"2915.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"2915.739","end_time":"2915.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"matters"}],"start_time":"2915.929","end_time":"2916.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2916.3","end_time":"2916.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2916.429","end_time":"2916.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.767","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2916.53","end_time":"2916.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"2916.55","end_time":"2916.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"2916.8","end_time":"2917.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2917.11","end_time":"2917.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"2917.189","end_time":"2917.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2917.56","end_time":"2917.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"2917.699","end_time":"2917.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"2917.84","end_time":"2918.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"which"}],"start_time":"2918.139","end_time":"2918.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2918.34","end_time":"2918.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2918.429","end_time":"2918.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2918.51","end_time":"2919.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2919.81","end_time":"2919.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"product"}],"start_time":"2919.969","end_time":"2920.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2920.58","end_time":"2920.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2920.949","end_time":"2921.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2921.189","end_time":"2921.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2921.889","end_time":"2922.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2922.37","end_time":"2922.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"2922.55","end_time":"2923.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2923.469","end_time":"2923.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"improving"}],"start_time":"2923.709","end_time":"2924.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2924.53","end_time":"2924.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2924.86","end_time":"2924.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2924.879","end_time":"2925.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2925.32","end_time":"2925.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2925.419","end_time":"2925.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"2925.59","end_time":"2925.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2925.86","end_time":"2925.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"transition"}],"start_time":"2925.959","end_time":"2926.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2926.629","end_time":"2926.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2926.79","end_time":"2926.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2926.899","end_time":"2926.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"change"}],"start_time":"2926.979","end_time":"2927.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2927.229","end_time":"2927.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"department"}],"start_time":"2927.26","end_time":"2927.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"or"}],"start_time":"2927.909","end_time":"2927.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2927.979","end_time":"2928.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"2928.429","end_time":"2928.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2928.77","end_time":"2928.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"2928.81","end_time":"2929.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"2929.07","end_time":"2929.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2929.179","end_time":"2929.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"came"}],"start_time":"2929.26","end_time":"2929.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2929.449","end_time":"2929.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2929.56","end_time":"2929.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2929.729","end_time":"2929.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"2929.75","end_time":"2929.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"transition"}],"start_time":"2929.989","end_time":"2930.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"2930.419","end_time":"2930.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2930.52","end_time":"2930.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2930.629","end_time":"2930.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2931.239","end_time":"2931.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2931.79","end_time":"2931.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"2931.949","end_time":"2932.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2932.35","end_time":"2932.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"2932.669","end_time":"2932.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2932.989","end_time":"2933.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"2933.11","end_time":"2933.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"2933.34","end_time":"2933.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2933.77","end_time":"2933.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2933.879","end_time":"2933.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2933.909","end_time":"2934.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"2934.33","end_time":"2934.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2934.78","end_time":"2934.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2934.949","end_time":"2934.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"2935.0","end_time":"2935.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"2935.27","end_time":"2935.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2935.83","end_time":"2935.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2935.87","end_time":"2936.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2936.79","end_time":"2936.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"2936.87","end_time":"2937.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"2937.209","end_time":"2937.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"2937.429","end_time":"2937.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2937.909","end_time":"2938.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2938.05","end_time":"2938.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2938.26","end_time":"2938.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"2938.37","end_time":"2938.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"um"}],"start_time":"2938.899","end_time":"2939.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2939.909","end_time":"2940.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2940.239","end_time":"2940.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"launched"}],"start_time":"2940.33","end_time":"2940.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2940.659","end_time":"2940.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"2940.679","end_time":"2940.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2940.87","end_time":"2940.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"2940.989","end_time":"2941.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2942.389","end_time":"2942.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.811","content":"did"}],"start_time":"2942.649","end_time":"2942.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2942.83","end_time":"2943.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2943.02","end_time":"2943.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Mexico"}],"start_time":"2943.12","end_time":"2943.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Spain"}],"start_time":"2943.81","end_time":"2944.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Italy"}],"start_time":"2944.57","end_time":"2945.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"2945.419","end_time":"2946.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2946.169","end_time":"2946.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2946.33","end_time":"2946.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2946.399","end_time":"2946.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2946.479","end_time":"2946.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2946.6","end_time":"2946.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"on"}],"start_time":"2946.739","end_time":"2946.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.872","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"2947.379","end_time":"2947.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2947.659","end_time":"2947.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"key"}],"start_time":"2947.979","end_time":"2948.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2948.459","end_time":"2948.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2949.379","end_time":"2949.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.877","content":"succeed"}],"start_time":"2949.52","end_time":"2949.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2949.909","end_time":"2949.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"new"}],"start_time":"2949.929","end_time":"2950.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2950.139","end_time":"2950.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2950.449","end_time":"2950.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"2950.669","end_time":"2950.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2950.82","end_time":"2950.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"location"}],"start_time":"2950.909","end_time":"2951.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2951.889","end_time":"2952.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"key"}],"start_time":"2952.06","end_time":"2952.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2952.439","end_time":"2952.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2952.56","end_time":"2952.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"director"}],"start_time":"2952.659","end_time":"2953.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"This"}],"start_time":"2953.77","end_time":"2954.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2954.03","end_time":"2954.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2954.139","end_time":"2954.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"2954.229","end_time":"2954.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"important"}],"start_time":"2954.56","end_time":"2954.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"2954.899","end_time":"2955.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2955.07","end_time":"2955.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2955.179","end_time":"2955.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2955.3","end_time":"2955.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2955.54","end_time":"2955.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2955.56","end_time":"2955.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"director"}],"start_time":"2955.889","end_time":"2956.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2956.36","end_time":"2956.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2956.399","end_time":"2956.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"2956.419","end_time":"2956.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"location"}],"start_time":"2956.62","end_time":"2957.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"2957.1","end_time":"2957.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"2957.219","end_time":"2957.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2957.37","end_time":"2957.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"2958.02","end_time":"2958.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2958.189","end_time":"2958.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2958.31","end_time":"2958.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2958.55","end_time":"2958.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2958.57","end_time":"2958.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"location"}],"start_time":"2958.79","end_time":"2959.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"average"}],"start_time":"2959.36","end_time":"2959.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"director"}],"start_time":"2959.86","end_time":"2960.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2960.32","end_time":"2960.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"gonna"}],"start_time":"2960.429","end_time":"2960.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"2960.6","end_time":"2960.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"painful"}],"start_time":"2960.679","end_time":"2961.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2961.699","end_time":"2961.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2961.989","end_time":"2962.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2962.719","end_time":"2962.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2962.929","end_time":"2963.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2963.129","end_time":"2963.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2963.31","end_time":"2963.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2963.77","end_time":"2963.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"2963.969","end_time":"2964.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2964.25","end_time":"2964.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"2964.449","end_time":"2964.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"The"}],"start_time":"2965.179","end_time":"2965.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2965.37","end_time":"2965.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2965.54","end_time":"2965.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"2965.669","end_time":"2965.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"2965.929","end_time":"2966.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2966.06","end_time":"2966.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2966.12","end_time":"2966.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2966.37","end_time":"2966.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.551","content":"open"}],"start_time":"2966.469","end_time":"2966.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2966.639","end_time":"2966.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"new"}],"start_time":"2966.679","end_time":"2966.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2966.85","end_time":"2967.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2967.12","end_time":"2967.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"never"}],"start_time":"2967.209","end_time":"2967.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2967.449","end_time":"2967.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2967.58","end_time":"2967.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2967.719","end_time":"2967.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"2967.84","end_time":"2968.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2968.03","end_time":"2968.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"2968.07","end_time":"2968.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2968.179","end_time":"2968.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"2969.03","end_time":"2969.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"2969.33","end_time":"2969.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"2969.57","end_time":"2969.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"who"}],"start_time":"2969.929","end_time":"2970.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2970.219","end_time":"2970.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2970.32","end_time":"2970.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2970.489","end_time":"2970.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2970.929","end_time":"2971.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"2971.3","end_time":"2971.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2971.56","end_time":"2971.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"2971.79","end_time":"2971.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2971.969","end_time":"2972.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2972.02","end_time":"2972.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2972.129","end_time":"2972.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2972.419","end_time":"2972.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2972.57","end_time":"2972.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"2972.669","end_time":"2972.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"leverage"}],"start_time":"2972.81","end_time":"2973.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2973.449","end_time":"2973.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"2973.639","end_time":"2973.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2973.929","end_time":"2973.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2973.949","end_time":"2974.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2974.29","end_time":"2974.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2974.469","end_time":"2975.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2975.11","end_time":"2975.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2975.55","end_time":"2975.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2975.919","end_time":"2975.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bunch"}],"start_time":"2975.939","end_time":"2976.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2976.28","end_time":"2976.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"2976.379","end_time":"2976.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2976.879","end_time":"2976.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"2976.949","end_time":"2977.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2977.57","end_time":"2977.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"America"}],"start_time":"2977.78","end_time":"2978.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2978.54","end_time":"2978.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"2978.739","end_time":"2978.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"2978.889","end_time":"2979.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"2979.29","end_time":"2979.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"2979.479","end_time":"2979.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"2979.689","end_time":"2979.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"2979.87","end_time":"2980.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2980.05","end_time":"2980.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"best"}],"start_time":"2980.169","end_time":"2980.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.766","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2980.449","end_time":"2980.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2980.55","end_time":"2980.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"way"}],"start_time":"2980.689","end_time":"2980.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"it"}],"start_time":"2980.87","end_time":"2980.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2980.969","end_time":"2981.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2981.34","end_time":"2981.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2981.479","end_time":"2981.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2981.53","end_time":"2981.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"working"}],"start_time":"2981.719","end_time":"2982.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2982.02","end_time":"2982.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2982.159","end_time":"2982.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"French"}],"start_time":"2982.179","end_time":"2982.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2982.469","end_time":"2983.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2983.1","end_time":"2983.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"who"}],"start_time":"2983.12","end_time":"2983.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"2983.56","end_time":"2983.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2983.86","end_time":"2984.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"subsidiary"}],"start_time":"2984.129","end_time":"2984.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"2984.85","end_time":"2985.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"2985.12","end_time":"2985.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2986.09","end_time":"2986.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2986.52","end_time":"2986.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"2986.59","end_time":"2986.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"working"}],"start_time":"2986.83","end_time":"2987.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2987.129","end_time":"2987.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"2987.239","end_time":"2987.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2987.479","end_time":"2987.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"then"}],"start_time":"2987.669","end_time":"2987.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2987.739","end_time":"2987.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.73","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"2987.76","end_time":"2988.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2988.08","end_time":"2988.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"Manao"}],"start_time":"2988.189","end_time":"2988.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"director"}],"start_time":"2988.739","end_time":"2989.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"2989.61","end_time":"2989.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"2989.689","end_time":"2989.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2989.729","end_time":"2989.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"time"}],"start_time":"2989.919","end_time":"2990.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"2990.179","end_time":"2990.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2990.739","end_time":"2990.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.315","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"2990.78","end_time":"2990.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"2990.989","end_time":"2991.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"2991.25","end_time":"2991.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"director"}],"start_time":"2991.28","end_time":"2991.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"today"}],"start_time":"2991.639","end_time":"2992.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2992.35","end_time":"2992.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2992.699","end_time":"2992.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"noticed"}],"start_time":"2992.729","end_time":"2993.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"2993.04","end_time":"2993.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2993.159","end_time":"2993.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"2993.3","end_time":"2993.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"2993.469","end_time":"2993.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"2993.59","end_time":"2993.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"2993.78","end_time":"2994.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"2994.54","end_time":"2994.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"2995.0","end_time":"2995.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"2995.459","end_time":"2995.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"wanted"}],"start_time":"2995.59","end_time":"2995.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"2995.929","end_time":"2996.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"2996.06","end_time":"2996.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"2996.189","end_time":"2996.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2996.56","end_time":"2996.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"him"}],"start_time":"2996.719","end_time":"2996.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"2996.909","end_time":"2997.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"say"}],"start_time":"2997.08","end_time":"2997.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"2997.3","end_time":"2997.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"let's"}],"start_time":"2997.52","end_time":"2997.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"2997.75","end_time":"2998.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"2998.02","end_time":"2998.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2998.04","end_time":"2998.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"2998.419","end_time":"2998.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"2998.54","end_time":"2998.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"discussed"}],"start_time":"2998.699","end_time":"2999.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"2999.04","end_time":"2999.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"2999.159","end_time":"2999.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"French"}],"start_time":"2999.35","end_time":"2999.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"2999.55","end_time":"3000.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3000.1","end_time":"3000.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"acquired"}],"start_time":"3000.28","end_time":"3000.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"50%"}],"start_time":"3000.669","end_time":"3001.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3001.229","end_time":"3001.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3001.36","end_time":"3001.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"shares"}],"start_time":"3001.419","end_time":"3002.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3002.03","end_time":"3002.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3002.229","end_time":"3002.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3002.32","end_time":"3002.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"totality"}],"start_time":"3002.399","end_time":"3002.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3002.87","end_time":"3003.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3003.139","end_time":"3003.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"split"}],"start_time":"3003.26","end_time":"3003.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3003.56","end_time":"3003.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3003.84","end_time":"3003.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3003.959","end_time":"3004.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3004.35","end_time":"3004.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"totality"}],"start_time":"3004.399","end_time":"3005.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.847","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3005.53","end_time":"3005.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3005.939","end_time":"3006.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3006.399","end_time":"3006.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3006.55","end_time":"3006.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3006.729","end_time":"3006.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3006.929","end_time":"3007.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"3007.149","end_time":"3007.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3008.0","end_time":"3008.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3008.209","end_time":"3008.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3008.399","end_time":"3008.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"mana"}],"start_time":"3008.709","end_time":"3008.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"3009.649","end_time":"3009.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3009.939","end_time":"3010.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3010.04","end_time":"3010.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"these"}],"start_time":"3010.229","end_time":"3010.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3010.479","end_time":"3010.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3010.969","end_time":"3011.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.756","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3011.33","end_time":"3011.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3011.35","end_time":"3011.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"3011.37","end_time":"3011.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"say"}],"start_time":"3011.739","end_time":"3012.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"3012.05","end_time":"3012.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.633","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"3012.32","end_time":"3012.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3012.52","end_time":"3012.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"enough"}],"start_time":"3012.84","end_time":"3013.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3013.12","end_time":"3013.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3013.229","end_time":"3013.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"3013.399","end_time":"3013.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"3013.61","end_time":"3013.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3013.879","end_time":"3014.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3014.08","end_time":"3014.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3014.409","end_time":"3014.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3014.6","end_time":"3014.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"3014.719","end_time":"3014.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3014.989","end_time":"3015.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"3015.08","end_time":"3015.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3015.219","end_time":"3015.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3015.33","end_time":"3015.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3015.36","end_time":"3015.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3015.52","end_time":"3015.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3015.62","end_time":"3015.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3015.639","end_time":"3015.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3015.969","end_time":"3016.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3016.09","end_time":"3016.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Nobody"}],"start_time":"3016.639","end_time":"3017.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"goes"}],"start_time":"3017.05","end_time":"3017.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3017.26","end_time":"3017.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3017.34","end_time":"3017.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3018.149","end_time":"3018.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"New"}],"start_time":"3018.199","end_time":"3018.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"York"}],"start_time":"3018.37","end_time":"3018.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3018.8","end_time":"3019.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3019.199","end_time":"3019.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.413","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3019.239","end_time":"3019.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"state"}],"start_time":"3019.27","end_time":"3019.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3019.55","end_time":"3019.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"3019.639","end_time":"3019.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"York"}],"start_time":"3019.76","end_time":"3019.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3019.969","end_time":"3020.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3020.159","end_time":"3020.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3020.239","end_time":"3020.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"3020.36","end_time":"3020.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"York"}],"start_time":"3020.52","end_time":"3020.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3020.77","end_time":"3021.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3021.05","end_time":"3021.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3021.07","end_time":"3021.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"above"}],"start_time":"3021.649","end_time":"3022.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3022.489","end_time":"3023.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Nobody"}],"start_time":"3023.79","end_time":"3024.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"goes"}],"start_time":"3024.219","end_time":"3024.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3024.489","end_time":"3024.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3024.79","end_time":"3024.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3024.919","end_time":"3025.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3025.1","end_time":"3025.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Silicon"}],"start_time":"3025.409","end_time":"3025.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Valley"}],"start_time":"3025.81","end_time":"3026.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"San"}],"start_time":"3026.179","end_time":"3026.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"3026.489","end_time":"3027.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"3027.649","end_time":"3027.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"York"}],"start_time":"3027.969","end_time":"3028.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.715","content":"Boston"}],"start_time":"3028.52","end_time":"3029.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3029.189","end_time":"3029.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3029.399","end_time":"3029.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3029.6","end_time":"3029.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3029.659","end_time":"3030.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3030.11","end_time":"3030.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3030.219","end_time":"3030.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3030.449","end_time":"3030.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"desert"}],"start_time":"3030.469","end_time":"3030.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"city"}],"start_time":"3030.919","end_time":"3031.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3031.639","end_time":"3031.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3031.939","end_time":"3031.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"industrial"}],"start_time":"3031.969","end_time":"3032.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"city"}],"start_time":"3032.51","end_time":"3033.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3033.129","end_time":"3033.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where"}],"start_time":"3033.469","end_time":"3033.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3033.83","end_time":"3033.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3034.0","end_time":"3034.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3034.229","end_time":"3034.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3034.719","end_time":"3035.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3035.149","end_time":"3035.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3035.239","end_time":"3035.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"director"}],"start_time":"3035.33","end_time":"3035.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"Nico"}],"start_time":"3035.919","end_time":"3036.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"director"}],"start_time":"3036.399","end_time":"3036.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3036.889","end_time":"3037.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3037.09","end_time":"3037.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"3037.199","end_time":"3037.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3037.479","end_time":"3037.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3038.01","end_time":"3038.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wanted"}],"start_time":"3038.32","end_time":"3038.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3038.59","end_time":"3038.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3038.699","end_time":"3038.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"3038.79","end_time":"3039.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3039.11","end_time":"3039.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"him"}],"start_time":"3039.239","end_time":"3039.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3039.389","end_time":"3039.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"he"}],"start_time":"3039.659","end_time":"3039.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"went"}],"start_time":"3039.75","end_time":"3039.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3039.909","end_time":"3040.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"he"}],"start_time":"3040.139","end_time":"3040.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"3040.25","end_time":"3040.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3040.52","end_time":"3040.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3040.649","end_time":"3041.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3041.11","end_time":"3041.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"3041.429","end_time":"3041.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"let's"}],"start_time":"3041.879","end_time":"3042.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3042.149","end_time":"3042.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3042.3","end_time":"3042.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3042.36","end_time":"3042.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3043.469","end_time":"3044.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3044.02","end_time":"3044.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"turns"}],"start_time":"3044.26","end_time":"3044.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3044.419","end_time":"3044.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3044.54","end_time":"3044.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3044.659","end_time":"3044.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3044.82","end_time":"3044.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3044.84","end_time":"3045.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3045.06","end_time":"3045.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"decision"}],"start_time":"3045.179","end_time":"3045.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3045.82","end_time":"3046.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"amazing"}],"start_time":"3046.179","end_time":"3046.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3046.719","end_time":"3046.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3046.82","end_time":"3047.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"an"}],"start_time":"3047.11","end_time":"3047.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"office"}],"start_time":"3047.29","end_time":"3047.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3047.57","end_time":"3047.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3048.179","end_time":"3048.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3048.419","end_time":"3048.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3048.55","end_time":"3048.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3048.75","end_time":"3049.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3049.379","end_time":"3049.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3049.58","end_time":"3049.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3049.649","end_time":"3049.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3049.949","end_time":"3050.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3050.139","end_time":"3050.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3050.739","end_time":"3050.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"location"}],"start_time":"3050.85","end_time":"3051.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3051.79","end_time":"3052.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3052.87","end_time":"3053.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"key"}],"start_time":"3053.29","end_time":"3053.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3053.649","end_time":"3053.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expanding"}],"start_time":"3053.82","end_time":"3054.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3054.699","end_time":"3055.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"3055.07","end_time":"3055.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"internationally"}],"start_time":"3055.53","end_time":"3056.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3056.439","end_time":"3056.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3056.739","end_time":"3057.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"great"}],"start_time":"3057.139","end_time":"3057.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"leadership"}],"start_time":"3057.479","end_time":"3058.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3058.179","end_time":"3058.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"3058.28","end_time":"3058.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3058.56","end_time":"3058.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3058.739","end_time":"3058.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3058.82","end_time":"3059.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"team"}],"start_time":"3059.239","end_time":"3059.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"captains"}],"start_time":"3059.37","end_time":"3059.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3059.969","end_time":"3060.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"execution"}],"start_time":"3060.29","end_time":"3061.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3061.04","end_time":"3061.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"3061.11","end_time":"3061.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.767","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3061.479","end_time":"3061.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.739","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3061.55","end_time":"3061.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"3061.61","end_time":"3062.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"execution"}],"start_time":"3062.669","end_time":"3063.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3063.36","end_time":"3063.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3063.449","end_time":"3063.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"having"}],"start_time":"3063.939","end_time":"3064.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3064.33","end_time":"3064.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"3064.419","end_time":"3064.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"3064.679","end_time":"3064.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3064.899","end_time":"3065.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3065.09","end_time":"3065.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"3065.3","end_time":"3065.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3065.54","end_time":"3065.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"happen"}],"start_time":"3065.719","end_time":"3066.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3066.75","end_time":"3067.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.732","content":"It"}],"start_time":"3067.179","end_time":"3067.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.611","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3067.379","end_time":"3068.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"stronger"}],"start_time":"3068.399","end_time":"3069.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3069.04","end_time":"3069.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"having"}],"start_time":"3069.28","end_time":"3069.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3070.02","end_time":"3070.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3070.639","end_time":"3071.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3071.129","end_time":"3071.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"3071.199","end_time":"3071.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Strategy"}],"start_time":"3071.6","end_time":"3072.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3072.12","end_time":"3072.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"important"}],"start_time":"3072.25","end_time":"3072.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3072.739","end_time":"3073.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"execution"}],"start_time":"3073.02","end_time":"3073.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3073.76","end_time":"3074.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3074.07","end_time":"3074.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3074.62","end_time":"3074.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"important"}],"start_time":"3074.8","end_time":"3075.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3075.159","end_time":"3075.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3075.469","end_time":"3075.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3075.489","end_time":"3075.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3076.0","end_time":"3076.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"3076.229","end_time":"3077.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3077.57","end_time":"3077.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"built"}],"start_time":"3077.76","end_time":"3078.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3078.1","end_time":"3078.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3078.239","end_time":"3078.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feedback"}],"start_time":"3078.32","end_time":"3078.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3079.37","end_time":"3079.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3079.58","end_time":"3079.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"3079.8","end_time":"3080.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3080.199","end_time":"3080.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"evolve"}],"start_time":"3080.36","end_time":"3080.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"If"}],"start_time":"3080.939","end_time":"3081.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3081.3","end_time":"3081.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3081.37","end_time":"3081.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"3081.55","end_time":"3081.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"3081.979","end_time":"3082.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3082.04","end_time":"3082.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"capable"}],"start_time":"3082.139","end_time":"3082.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3082.82","end_time":"3083.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"making"}],"start_time":"3083.419","end_time":"3083.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"3083.879","end_time":"3084.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"up"}],"start_time":"3084.159","end_time":"3084.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3084.35","end_time":"3084.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"transforming"}],"start_time":"3084.429","end_time":"3084.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"3084.979","end_time":"3085.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3085.479","end_time":"3085.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3085.52","end_time":"3085.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"evolve"}],"start_time":"3085.729","end_time":"3086.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3086.02","end_time":"3086.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"3086.239","end_time":"3086.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3087.27","end_time":"3087.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3087.389","end_time":"3087.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"director"}],"start_time":"3087.55","end_time":"3087.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"chose"}],"start_time":"3087.969","end_time":"3088.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"3088.209","end_time":"3088.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3089.1","end_time":"3089.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3089.489","end_time":"3089.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"3089.51","end_time":"3089.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.855","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3089.87","end_time":"3089.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"director"}],"start_time":"3089.889","end_time":"3090.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"He"}],"start_time":"3090.54","end_time":"3090.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lived"}],"start_time":"3090.679","end_time":"3090.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3090.969","end_time":"3091.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"3091.05","end_time":"3091.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3092.01","end_time":"3092.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3092.32","end_time":"3092.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"he"}],"start_time":"3092.62","end_time":"3092.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"lived"}],"start_time":"3092.679","end_time":"3092.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3092.919","end_time":"3093.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3093.209","end_time":"3093.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"created"}],"start_time":"3093.31","end_time":"3093.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.72","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3093.649","end_time":"3093.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3093.669","end_time":"3094.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3094.04","end_time":"3094.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3095.209","end_time":"3095.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3095.389","end_time":"3095.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"he"}],"start_time":"3095.709","end_time":"3095.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3095.8","end_time":"3095.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3095.969","end_time":"3095.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"student"}],"start_time":"3095.989","end_time":"3096.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3096.6","end_time":"3096.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3096.939","end_time":"3097.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3097.1","end_time":"3097.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3097.28","end_time":"3097.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3097.449","end_time":"3097.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"directly"}],"start_time":"3097.469","end_time":"3097.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"student"}],"start_time":"3097.899","end_time":"3098.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3098.29","end_time":"3098.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"recruited"}],"start_time":"3098.37","end_time":"3098.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3098.8","end_time":"3098.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3098.82","end_time":"3099.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3099.03","end_time":"3099.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3099.79","end_time":"3099.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"he"}],"start_time":"3099.949","end_time":"3100.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"started"}],"start_time":"3100.02","end_time":"3100.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3100.399","end_time":"3100.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"his"}],"start_time":"3100.479","end_time":"3100.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"student"}],"start_time":"3100.55","end_time":"3100.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"room"}],"start_time":"3100.939","end_time":"3101.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3101.78","end_time":"3101.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3101.86","end_time":"3102.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"3102.09","end_time":"3102.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"managing"}],"start_time":"3102.28","end_time":"3102.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9979999999999999","content":"650"}],"start_time":"3102.669","end_time":"3103.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3103.57","end_time":"3103.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"3103.959","end_time":"3104.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"old"}],"start_time":"3104.229","end_time":"3104.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3104.409","end_time":"3104.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3104.489","end_time":"3104.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"3104.639","end_time":"3104.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3105.51","end_time":"3105.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3105.54","end_time":"3105.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3105.629","end_time":"3106.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"3106.05","end_time":"3106.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.863","content":"four"}],"start_time":"3106.159","end_time":"3106.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"less"}],"start_time":"3106.409","end_time":"3106.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3106.8","end_time":"3106.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3106.909","end_time":"3107.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"40"}],"start_time":"3107.129","end_time":"3107.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"3107.83","end_time":"3108.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"40"}],"start_time":"3108.08","end_time":"3108.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3108.36","end_time":"3108.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"old"}],"start_time":"3108.55","end_time":"3108.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3108.83","end_time":"3109.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"3109.209","end_time":"3109.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Working"}],"start_time":"3109.639","end_time":"3110.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3110.11","end_time":"3110.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3110.28","end_time":"3110.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"since"}],"start_time":"3110.459","end_time":"3111.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3111.3","end_time":"3111.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"16"}],"start_time":"3111.389","end_time":"3113.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3113.35","end_time":"3113.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3114.429","end_time":"3114.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3114.87","end_time":"3114.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"met"}],"start_time":"3114.979","end_time":"3115.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"him"}],"start_time":"3115.239","end_time":"3115.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"3115.479","end_time":"3116.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3116.05","end_time":"3116.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"3116.129","end_time":"3116.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3117.09","end_time":"3117.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3117.379","end_time":"3117.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"met"}],"start_time":"3117.429","end_time":"3117.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"him"}],"start_time":"3117.689","end_time":"3117.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3117.85","end_time":"3118.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3118.139","end_time":"3118.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"came"}],"start_time":"3118.179","end_time":"3118.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3118.54","end_time":"3118.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3118.639","end_time":"3119.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3119.439","end_time":"3119.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"met"}],"start_time":"3119.5","end_time":"3119.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"him"}],"start_time":"3119.81","end_time":"3119.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"online"}],"start_time":"3119.899","end_time":"3120.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3120.459","end_time":"3120.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3120.969","end_time":"3120.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"3121.0","end_time":"3121.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3121.26","end_time":"3121.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3121.379","end_time":"3121.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"French"}],"start_time":"3121.54","end_time":"3121.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"partner"}],"start_time":"3121.8","end_time":"3122.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3122.37","end_time":"3122.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3122.699","end_time":"3123.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"initially"}],"start_time":"3123.169","end_time":"3123.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.737","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"3123.59","end_time":"3123.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3123.86","end_time":"3123.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3123.949","end_time":"3124.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"test"}],"start_time":"3124.129","end_time":"3124.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"together"}],"start_time":"3124.3","end_time":"3124.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"online"}],"start_time":"3124.659","end_time":"3125.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3125.5","end_time":"3125.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3125.729","end_time":"3125.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3125.85","end_time":"3125.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"3125.87","end_time":"3126.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3126.12","end_time":"3126.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"3126.189","end_time":"3126.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"him"}],"start_time":"3126.409","end_time":"3126.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3126.55","end_time":"3126.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3126.59","end_time":"3127.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3127.3","end_time":"3127.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3127.53","end_time":"3127.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"prioritized"}],"start_time":"3127.649","end_time":"3128.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"his"}],"start_time":"3128.36","end_time":"3128.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"comfort"}],"start_time":"3128.58","end_time":"3129.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3129.85","end_time":"3130.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3130.61","end_time":"3130.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.852","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3130.909","end_time":"3131.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3131.01","end_time":"3131.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"3131.03","end_time":"3131.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3131.5","end_time":"3131.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3131.54","end_time":"3131.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"3131.86","end_time":"3132.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.652","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3132.25","end_time":"3132.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.566","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3132.28","end_time":"3132.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3132.32","end_time":"3132.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"3132.35","end_time":"3132.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3132.79","end_time":"3132.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3132.83","end_time":"3133.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3133.07","end_time":"3133.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"3133.27","end_time":"3133.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"3133.389","end_time":"3134.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"All"}],"start_time":"3134.189","end_time":"3134.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3134.449","end_time":"3134.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"knew"}],"start_time":"3134.5","end_time":"3134.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3134.719","end_time":"3134.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3134.85","end_time":"3135.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"3135.11","end_time":"3135.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3135.419","end_time":"3135.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3135.439","end_time":"3135.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3135.52","end_time":"3135.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3135.54","end_time":"3135.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"idea"}],"start_time":"3135.78","end_time":"3136.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Let's"}],"start_time":"3136.139","end_time":"3136.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"use"}],"start_time":"3136.449","end_time":"3136.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3136.679","end_time":"3136.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.769","content":"Damn"}],"start_time":"3136.8","end_time":"3137.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"3138.11","end_time":"3138.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3138.36","end_time":"3138.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3138.479","end_time":"3138.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3138.53","end_time":"3138.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"analysis"}],"start_time":"3138.75","end_time":"3139.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"paralysis"}],"start_time":"3139.53","end_time":"3140.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3140.379","end_time":"3140.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3140.81","end_time":"3141.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"analysis"}],"start_time":"3141.189","end_time":"3141.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"paralysis"}],"start_time":"3141.85","end_time":"3142.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"means"}],"start_time":"3142.469","end_time":"3142.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3142.709","end_time":"3142.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"analyze"}],"start_time":"3142.81","end_time":"3143.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3143.219","end_time":"3143.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3143.36","end_time":"3143.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3143.81","end_time":"3144.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3144.04","end_time":"3144.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3144.09","end_time":"3144.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"end"}],"start_time":"3144.31","end_time":"3144.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"3144.479","end_time":"3144.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"3144.58","end_time":"3144.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"3144.83","end_time":"3145.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3146.08","end_time":"3146.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3146.31","end_time":"3146.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.681","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3146.35","end_time":"3146.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"3146.379","end_time":"3146.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"3146.5","end_time":"3146.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"3146.689","end_time":"3146.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3147.0","end_time":"3147.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3147.149","end_time":"3147.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"3147.199","end_time":"3147.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.509","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3147.419","end_time":"3147.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.846","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3147.469","end_time":"3147.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.475","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3147.51","end_time":"3147.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3147.639","end_time":"3147.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"solving"}],"start_time":"3147.979","end_time":"3148.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3148.33","end_time":"3148.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"This"}],"start_time":"3148.409","end_time":"3148.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3148.689","end_time":"3148.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3148.79","end_time":"3148.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"polar"}],"start_time":"3148.87","end_time":"3149.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opposite"}],"start_time":"3149.1","end_time":"3149.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.753","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3149.58","end_time":"3149.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"3149.639","end_time":"3149.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"3149.949","end_time":"3149.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"believes"}],"start_time":"3149.989","end_time":"3150.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3150.31","end_time":"3150.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3150.35","end_time":"3150.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"3150.53","end_time":"3150.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"3150.85","end_time":"3151.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"first"}],"start_time":"3151.11","end_time":"3151.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3151.429","end_time":"3151.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3151.56","end_time":"3151.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"figuring"}],"start_time":"3151.8","end_time":"3152.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3152.51","end_time":"3153.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3153.08","end_time":"3153.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"another"}],"start_time":"3153.159","end_time":"3153.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3153.5","end_time":"3153.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3153.79","end_time":"3154.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3154.8","end_time":"3154.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3154.909","end_time":"3155.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3155.449","end_time":"3155.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3155.54","end_time":"3155.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3155.56","end_time":"3155.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"book"}],"start_time":"3155.929","end_time":"3156.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3156.28","end_time":"3156.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.612","content":"an"}],"start_time":"3156.58","end_time":"3156.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3156.629","end_time":"3156.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3156.939","end_time":"3157.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3157.989","end_time":"3158.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"how"}],"start_time":"3158.379","end_time":"3158.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3158.57","end_time":"3158.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3158.81","end_time":"3158.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"called"}],"start_time":"3158.84","end_time":"3159.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3159.379","end_time":"3159.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"um"}],"start_time":"3159.86","end_time":"3160.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3161.8","end_time":"3161.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"forget"}],"start_time":"3161.979","end_time":"3162.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3162.35","end_time":"3162.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"name"}],"start_time":"3162.409","end_time":"3162.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Sorry"}],"start_time":"3162.629","end_time":"3162.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"What's"}],"start_time":"3165.149","end_time":"3165.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3165.439","end_time":"3165.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3165.459","end_time":"3166.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3167.239","end_time":"3167.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3167.469","end_time":"3167.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"rational"}],"start_time":"3167.709","end_time":"3168.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"3168.239","end_time":"3168.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"Vers"}],"start_time":"3168.59","end_time":"3168.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3168.81","end_time":"3168.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"versus"}],"start_time":"3168.83","end_time":"3169.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3171.879","end_time":"3171.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3171.949","end_time":"3172.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"forget"}],"start_time":"3172.28","end_time":"3172.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3172.699","end_time":"3172.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3172.83","end_time":"3172.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3172.87","end_time":"3173.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"explain"}],"start_time":"3173.03","end_time":"3173.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3173.3","end_time":"3173.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"concept"}],"start_time":"3173.389","end_time":"3173.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.855","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3174.34","end_time":"3174.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"The"}],"start_time":"3174.79","end_time":"3174.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3174.959","end_time":"3175.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3175.239","end_time":"3175.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"3175.36","end_time":"3175.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"types"}],"start_time":"3175.449","end_time":"3175.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3175.699","end_time":"3175.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"managers"}],"start_time":"3175.81","end_time":"3176.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3176.8","end_time":"3177.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"3177.08","end_time":"3177.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3177.79","end_time":"3178.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"define"}],"start_time":"3178.08","end_time":"3178.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3178.53","end_time":"3178.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"3178.62","end_time":"3179.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Let's"}],"start_time":"3179.409","end_time":"3179.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"3179.83","end_time":"3179.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3179.87","end_time":"3179.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"3179.979","end_time":"3180.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3180.129","end_time":"3180.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"3180.179","end_time":"3180.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3180.409","end_time":"3180.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"restaurant"}],"start_time":"3180.429","end_time":"3181.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3181.399","end_time":"3181.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3181.439","end_time":"3181.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3181.76","end_time":"3182.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3182.139","end_time":"3182.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"rest"}],"start_time":"3182.159","end_time":"3182.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3182.54","end_time":"3182.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.713","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3182.729","end_time":"3182.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3182.87","end_time":"3182.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3182.979","end_time":"3183.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3183.169","end_time":"3183.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.675","content":"analysis"}],"start_time":"3183.51","end_time":"3184.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3184.169","end_time":"3184.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3184.27","end_time":"3184.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3184.479","end_time":"3184.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3184.679","end_time":"3184.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"restaurant"}],"start_time":"3184.699","end_time":"3185.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3185.379","end_time":"3185.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3185.459","end_time":"3185.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"area"}],"start_time":"3185.75","end_time":"3186.34"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"3186.81","end_time":"3187.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3187.31","end_time":"3187.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"3187.33","end_time":"3187.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"restaurant"}],"start_time":"3187.889","end_time":"3188.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3188.87","end_time":"3189.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3189.32","end_time":"3189.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3189.61","end_time":"3189.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3189.629","end_time":"3189.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"3189.78","end_time":"3190.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3190.08","end_time":"3190.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"menu"}],"start_time":"3190.149","end_time":"3190.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3190.489","end_time":"3190.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3190.629","end_time":"3190.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"gonna"}],"start_time":"3190.689","end_time":"3190.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"3190.889","end_time":"3191.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3191.02","end_time":"3191.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3191.06","end_time":"3191.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"3191.199","end_time":"3191.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3191.719","end_time":"3191.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3191.979","end_time":"3192.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3192.149","end_time":"3192.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3192.27","end_time":"3192.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"3192.449","end_time":"3192.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3192.83","end_time":"3192.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3192.989","end_time":"3193.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"3193.189","end_time":"3193.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3193.459","end_time":"3193.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.706","content":"I'll"}],"start_time":"3193.629","end_time":"3193.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"3193.78","end_time":"3194.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"3194.189","end_time":"3194.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3195.05","end_time":"3195.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3195.25","end_time":"3195.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3195.37","end_time":"3195.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3195.389","end_time":"3195.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"3195.55","end_time":"3195.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3195.87","end_time":"3196.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3196.389","end_time":"3196.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3196.55","end_time":"3196.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.734","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3196.679","end_time":"3196.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.908","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3196.79","end_time":"3197.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3197.489","end_time":"3197.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3197.719","end_time":"3197.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3197.929","end_time":"3198.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3198.199","end_time":"3198.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3198.409","end_time":"3198.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3198.55","end_time":"3198.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"They"}],"start_time":"3198.929","end_time":"3199.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"start"}],"start_time":"3199.209","end_time":"3199.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3199.52","end_time":"3199.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"defining"}],"start_time":"3199.919","end_time":"3200.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3200.52","end_time":"3200.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"3200.54","end_time":"3200.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3200.889","end_time":"3200.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3201.0","end_time":"3201.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3201.12","end_time":"3201.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3201.36","end_time":"3201.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"3201.479","end_time":"3202.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3202.08","end_time":"3202.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"3202.28","end_time":"3202.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3202.629","end_time":"3202.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3202.719","end_time":"3203.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3203.04","end_time":"3203.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3203.32","end_time":"3203.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"call"}],"start_time":"3203.429","end_time":"3203.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"traditional"}],"start_time":"3203.59","end_time":"3204.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"3204.05","end_time":"3204.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"MB"}],"start_time":"3204.76","end_time":"3205.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"A"}],"start_time":"3205.159","end_time":"3205.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"style"}],"start_time":"3205.179","end_time":"3205.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"3205.52","end_time":"3206.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3206.449","end_time":"3206.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3206.489","end_time":"3206.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3206.85","end_time":"3207.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3207.03","end_time":"3207.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3207.179","end_time":"3207.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3207.35","end_time":"3207.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3207.439","end_time":"3207.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3208.02","end_time":"3208.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3208.05","end_time":"3208.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3208.379","end_time":"3208.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"opposite"}],"start_time":"3208.479","end_time":"3209.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3209.149","end_time":"3209.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3209.199","end_time":"3209.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"look"}],"start_time":"3209.479","end_time":"3209.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3209.669","end_time":"3209.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"where"}],"start_time":"3209.78","end_time":"3210.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3210.03","end_time":"3210.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3210.05","end_time":"3210.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3210.439","end_time":"3210.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3210.84","end_time":"3210.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"changes"}],"start_time":"3210.949","end_time":"3211.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3211.479","end_time":"3211.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3211.62","end_time":"3211.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"3211.649","end_time":"3212.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"predict"}],"start_time":"3212.12","end_time":"3212.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3212.399","end_time":"3212.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"future"}],"start_time":"3212.459","end_time":"3213.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3213.409","end_time":"3213.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"3213.449","end_time":"3213.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3213.79","end_time":"3213.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3213.909","end_time":"3214.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3214.06","end_time":"3214.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3214.08","end_time":"3214.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3215.169","end_time":"3215.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"3215.199","end_time":"3215.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3215.55","end_time":"3215.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3215.76","end_time":"3215.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"environment"}],"start_time":"3216.0","end_time":"3216.639"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"3216.649","end_time":"3216.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3216.989","end_time":"3217.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3217.01","end_time":"3217.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3217.169","end_time":"3217.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3217.189","end_time":"3217.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"deal"}],"start_time":"3217.399","end_time":"3217.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3217.76","end_time":"3217.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3217.889","end_time":"3218.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3218.219","end_time":"3218.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"restaurant"}],"start_time":"3218.239","end_time":"3218.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"location"}],"start_time":"3219.0","end_time":"3219.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3219.669","end_time":"3220.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3220.27","end_time":"3220.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3220.29","end_time":"3220.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"jump"}],"start_time":"3220.54","end_time":"3220.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3220.78","end_time":"3221.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3221.31","end_time":"3221.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3221.55","end_time":"3221.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3221.879","end_time":"3221.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3221.899","end_time":"3222.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"try"}],"start_time":"3222.159","end_time":"3222.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3222.54","end_time":"3222.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"leverage"}],"start_time":"3222.659","end_time":"3223.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"3223.239","end_time":"3223.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3223.699","end_time":"3223.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3223.719","end_time":"3224.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Maybe"}],"start_time":"3224.26","end_time":"3224.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3224.669","end_time":"3224.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3224.689","end_time":"3225.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3225.03","end_time":"3225.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"chef"}],"start_time":"3225.05","end_time":"3225.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"3225.33","end_time":"3225.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3225.489","end_time":"3225.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"super"}],"start_time":"3225.6","end_time":"3225.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3225.79","end_time":"3226.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"He's"}],"start_time":"3226.02","end_time":"3226.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3226.139","end_time":"3226.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"3226.27","end_time":"3226.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3226.61","end_time":"3226.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"3226.78","end_time":"3227.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3227.399","end_time":"3227.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3227.489","end_time":"3227.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3228.0","end_time":"3228.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3228.27","end_time":"3228.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3228.37","end_time":"3228.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"3228.5","end_time":"3228.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3228.59","end_time":"3228.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"restaurant"}],"start_time":"3228.83","end_time":"3229.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.79","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3229.669","end_time":"3229.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3229.939","end_time":"3229.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3229.989","end_time":"3230.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3230.189","end_time":"3230.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3230.209","end_time":"3230.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3230.52","end_time":"3230.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3230.629","end_time":"3230.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3230.949","end_time":"3231.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3231.149","end_time":"3231.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3231.31","end_time":"3231.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"optimize"}],"start_time":"3231.51","end_time":"3232.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3232.209","end_time":"3232.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.838","content":"path"}],"start_time":"3232.479","end_time":"3232.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3232.87","end_time":"3233.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"optimize"}],"start_time":"3233.389","end_time":"3233.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3233.969","end_time":"3234.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3234.75","end_time":"3235.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ultimate"}],"start_time":"3235.02","end_time":"3235.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"3235.37","end_time":"3235.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3235.83","end_time":"3235.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3235.85","end_time":"3236.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3236.28","end_time":"3236.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3236.3","end_time":"3236.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"define"}],"start_time":"3236.53","end_time":"3236.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3236.85","end_time":"3236.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"goal"}],"start_time":"3236.929","end_time":"3237.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3237.11","end_time":"3237.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3237.379","end_time":"3237.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3237.399","end_time":"3237.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3237.75","end_time":"3238.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3238.07","end_time":"3238.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"possible"}],"start_time":"3238.209","end_time":"3238.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"For"}],"start_time":"3239.09","end_time":"3239.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"3239.35","end_time":"3239.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3239.709","end_time":"3239.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"never"}],"start_time":"3239.729","end_time":"3240.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3240.03","end_time":"3240.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"budget"}],"start_time":"3240.149","end_time":"3240.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3240.57","end_time":"3240.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"over"}],"start_time":"3240.639","end_time":"3240.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"3240.909","end_time":"3241.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3241.04","end_time":"3241.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3241.54","end_time":"3241.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3241.639","end_time":"3241.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3241.739","end_time":"3241.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3241.84","end_time":"3241.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"possible"}],"start_time":"3242.0","end_time":"3242.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"What"}],"start_time":"3242.59","end_time":"3243.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3243.03","end_time":"3243.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3243.05","end_time":"3243.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3243.479","end_time":"3243.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3243.76","end_time":"3243.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"optimize"}],"start_time":"3243.959","end_time":"3244.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"3244.61","end_time":"3244.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3244.77","end_time":"3244.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"3244.889","end_time":"3245.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"3245.149","end_time":"3245.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3245.389","end_time":"3245.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"3245.5","end_time":"3245.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"3245.59","end_time":"3245.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3245.8","end_time":"3245.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3245.919","end_time":"3246.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"most"}],"start_time":"3246.04","end_time":"3246.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"3246.26","end_time":"3246.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"possible"}],"start_time":"3246.56","end_time":"3247.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3247.129","end_time":"3247.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3247.35","end_time":"3247.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"start"}],"start_time":"3247.37","end_time":"3247.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3247.719","end_time":"3247.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3247.86","end_time":"3248.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3248.06","end_time":"3248.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3248.09","end_time":"3248.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3248.35","end_time":"3248.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"optimize"}],"start_time":"3248.649","end_time":"3249.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3249.5","end_time":"3249.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3249.959","end_time":"3250.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3250.479","end_time":"3250.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"ensure"}],"start_time":"3250.52","end_time":"3251.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3251.179","end_time":"3251.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3251.709","end_time":"3251.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3251.929","end_time":"3252.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3252.139","end_time":"3252.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3252.239","end_time":"3252.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"outcome"}],"start_time":"3252.55","end_time":"3252.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3252.919","end_time":"3253.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3253.149","end_time":"3253.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3253.32","end_time":"3253.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3253.709","end_time":"3253.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3253.979","end_time":"3253.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"3254.0","end_time":"3254.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"predict"}],"start_time":"3254.37","end_time":"3255.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3255.01","end_time":"3255.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3255.03","end_time":"3255.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"start"}],"start_time":"3255.28","end_time":"3255.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3255.679","end_time":"3255.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3255.86","end_time":"3255.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"prediction"}],"start_time":"3255.959","end_time":"3256.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3256.34","end_time":"3256.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3256.76","end_time":"3256.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"create"}],"start_time":"3256.8","end_time":"3257.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"constraint"}],"start_time":"3257.52","end_time":"3258.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3258.04","end_time":"3258.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3258.169","end_time":"3258.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"3258.239","end_time":"3258.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3258.54","end_time":"3258.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"3258.719","end_time":"3259.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"put"}],"start_time":"3259.229","end_time":"3259.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pressure"}],"start_time":"3259.33","end_time":"3259.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3259.959","end_time":"3260.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"3260.929","end_time":"3261.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"3261.389","end_time":"3261.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"3261.629","end_time":"3261.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3261.909","end_time":"3262.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3262.01","end_time":"3262.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"process"}],"start_time":"3262.08","end_time":"3262.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3262.59","end_time":"3262.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.812","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3262.8","end_time":"3262.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3263.0","end_time":"3263.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3263.28","end_time":"3263.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3263.669","end_time":"3263.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"down"}],"start_time":"3263.729","end_time":"3263.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"3264.0","end_time":"3264.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"versus"}],"start_time":"3264.3","end_time":"3264.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3265.86","end_time":"3265.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3265.899","end_time":"3265.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"bottom"}],"start_time":"3266.0","end_time":"3266.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"versus"}],"start_time":"3267.06","end_time":"3267.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3267.37","end_time":"3267.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"down"}],"start_time":"3267.52","end_time":"3267.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3268.179","end_time":"3268.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"believe"}],"start_time":"3268.449","end_time":"3268.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3268.889","end_time":"3268.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bottom"}],"start_time":"3268.959","end_time":"3269.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"up"}],"start_time":"3269.31","end_time":"3269.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3269.439","end_time":"3269.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3269.689","end_time":"3270.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3270.04","end_time":"3270.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.81","content":"Gotcha"}],"start_time":"3270.56","end_time":"3270.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3271.639","end_time":"3271.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3271.989","end_time":"3272.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3272.479","end_time":"3272.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3272.61","end_time":"3272.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mix"}],"start_time":"3272.689","end_time":"3272.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3272.979","end_time":"3273.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3273.03","end_time":"3273.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"3273.149","end_time":"3273.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3273.32","end_time":"3273.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3273.52","end_time":"3273.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"vision"}],"start_time":"3273.54","end_time":"3273.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3273.989","end_time":"3274.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3274.879","end_time":"3274.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"3275.36","end_time":"3275.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3275.79","end_time":"3275.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.67","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3275.909","end_time":"3276.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3276.01","end_time":"3276.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3276.03","end_time":"3276.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3276.469","end_time":"3276.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3276.83","end_time":"3277.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3277.149","end_time":"3277.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"analysis"}],"start_time":"3277.59","end_time":"3278.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3278.129","end_time":"3278.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"plan"}],"start_time":"3278.629","end_time":"3279.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3279.629","end_time":"3280.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"budget"}],"start_time":"3280.3","end_time":"3281.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"planning"}],"start_time":"3281.57","end_time":"3282.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3282.03","end_time":"3282.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3282.05","end_time":"3282.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3282.3","end_time":"3282.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"3282.399","end_time":"3282.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"3282.59","end_time":"3282.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3282.83","end_time":"3282.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"3282.909","end_time":"3283.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3283.139","end_time":"3283.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"useful"}],"start_time":"3283.3","end_time":"3283.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3284.909","end_time":"3284.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3284.979","end_time":"3285.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"specifically"}],"start_time":"3285.469","end_time":"3286.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3286.149","end_time":"3286.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3286.34","end_time":"3286.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"main"}],"start_time":"3286.489","end_time":"3286.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3286.76","end_time":"3287.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3287.139","end_time":"3287.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Mumbai"}],"start_time":"3287.229","end_time":"3287.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Delhi"}],"start_time":"3287.58","end_time":"3287.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Bangalore"}],"start_time":"3287.959","end_time":"3288.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.78","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3288.879","end_time":"3288.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3288.979","end_time":"3289.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"widely"}],"start_time":"3289.28","end_time":"3289.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"spread"}],"start_time":"3289.62","end_time":"3290.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3290.34","end_time":"3290.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"over"}],"start_time":"3290.699","end_time":"3290.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.86","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3290.969","end_time":"3291.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3291.209","end_time":"3291.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3291.649","end_time":"3291.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3291.699","end_time":"3291.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"world"}],"start_time":"3291.82","end_time":"3292.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"our"}],"start_time":"3292.32","end_time":"3292.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"biggest"}],"start_time":"3292.36","end_time":"3292.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3292.78","end_time":"3293.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3293.12","end_time":"3293.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3293.229","end_time":"3293.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"US"}],"start_time":"3293.5","end_time":"3294.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3294.28","end_time":"3294.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3294.5","end_time":"3294.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"3294.649","end_time":"3294.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3294.87","end_time":"3294.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9955","content":"15%"}],"start_time":"3294.979","end_time":"3295.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3295.61","end_time":"3295.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"our"}],"start_time":"3295.729","end_time":"3295.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"revenues"}],"start_time":"3295.76","end_time":"3296.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3296.229","end_time":"3296.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3296.27","end_time":"3296.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"US"}],"start_time":"3296.37","end_time":"3296.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3297.03","end_time":"3297.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3297.25","end_time":"3297.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3297.36","end_time":"3297.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3297.739","end_time":"3297.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"spread"}],"start_time":"3297.939","end_time":"3298.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3298.34","end_time":"3298.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3298.449","end_time":"3298.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3298.469","end_time":"3298.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3298.669","end_time":"3298.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"different"}],"start_time":"3298.75","end_time":"3299.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"3299.06","end_time":"3299.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Let's"}],"start_time":"3300.199","end_time":"3300.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"first"}],"start_time":"3300.57","end_time":"3300.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"speak"}],"start_time":"3300.87","end_time":"3301.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3301.08","end_time":"3301.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3301.28","end_time":"3301.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3301.5","end_time":"3301.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"3301.54","end_time":"3301.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3301.81","end_time":"3301.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3301.87","end_time":"3301.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3301.949","end_time":"3302.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3302.159","end_time":"3302.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"World"}],"start_time":"3302.26","end_time":"3302.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"game"}],"start_time":"3302.889","end_time":"3303.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"3303.479","end_time":"3303.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3304.129","end_time":"3304.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3304.479","end_time":"3304.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3304.52","end_time":"3305.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"um"}],"start_time":"3305.419","end_time":"3306.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3306.27","end_time":"3306.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3306.479","end_time":"3306.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"team"}],"start_time":"3306.659","end_time":"3306.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3306.949","end_time":"3307.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"sitting"}],"start_time":"3307.03","end_time":"3307.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3307.31","end_time":"3307.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3307.51","end_time":"3307.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"3307.719","end_time":"3308.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.877","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3309.29","end_time":"3309.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3309.919","end_time":"3310.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.517","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"3310.229","end_time":"3310.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"3310.33","end_time":"3310.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"across"}],"start_time":"3310.719","end_time":"3311.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3311.25","end_time":"3311.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3311.709","end_time":"3312.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Right"}],"start_time":"3312.11","end_time":"3312.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3314.409","end_time":"3314.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3315.26","end_time":"3315.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"has"}],"start_time":"3315.889","end_time":"3316.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"been"}],"start_time":"3316.189","end_time":"3316.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"smooth"}],"start_time":"3316.679","end_time":"3317.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3317.199","end_time":"3317.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3317.429","end_time":"3317.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3317.8","end_time":"3318.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3318.35","end_time":"3318.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3318.56","end_time":"3318.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3318.62","end_time":"3318.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3318.899","end_time":"3319.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3319.06","end_time":"3319.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3319.379","end_time":"3319.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"moved"}],"start_time":"3319.55","end_time":"3320.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3320.32","end_time":"3320.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Mumbai"}],"start_time":"3320.62","end_time":"3321.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3321.12","end_time":"3321.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Delhi"}],"start_time":"3321.28","end_time":"3321.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3321.55","end_time":"3321.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"Bangalore"}],"start_time":"3321.659","end_time":"3322.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3322.01","end_time":"3322.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3322.149","end_time":"3322.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3322.36","end_time":"3322.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"results"}],"start_time":"3322.61","end_time":"3323.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3323.02","end_time":"3323.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3323.149","end_time":"3323.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3323.31","end_time":"3323.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3324.199","end_time":"3324.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"3324.6","end_time":"3324.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"location"}],"start_time":"3324.949","end_time":"3325.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3325.379","end_time":"3325.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3325.489","end_time":"3325.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3325.659","end_time":"3325.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3325.979","end_time":"3326.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3326.459","end_time":"3326.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"matters"}],"start_time":"3326.699","end_time":"3327.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3327.05","end_time":"3327.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3327.139","end_time":"3327.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"location"}],"start_time":"3327.209","end_time":"3327.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3327.59","end_time":"3327.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3327.699","end_time":"3328.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3328.37","end_time":"3328.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"3328.719","end_time":"3329.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3329.08","end_time":"3329.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3329.179","end_time":"3329.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"3329.25","end_time":"3329.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3329.52","end_time":"3329.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3329.699","end_time":"3329.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"3329.84","end_time":"3330.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3330.02","end_time":"3330.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"3330.159","end_time":"3330.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3330.439","end_time":"3330.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mid"}],"start_time":"3330.479","end_time":"3330.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.442","content":"size"}],"start_time":"3330.639","end_time":"3330.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3330.83","end_time":"3331.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3331.26","end_time":"3331.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"over"}],"start_time":"3331.399","end_time":"3331.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3331.639","end_time":"3331.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"phone"}],"start_time":"3331.78","end_time":"3332.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3332.11","end_time":"3332.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"video"}],"start_time":"3332.54","end_time":"3332.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conference"}],"start_time":"3332.949","end_time":"3333.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3333.719","end_time":"3333.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3333.959","end_time":"3333.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3333.989","end_time":"3334.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3334.26","end_time":"3334.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3334.389","end_time":"3334.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"3334.51","end_time":"3334.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.557","content":"physically"}],"start_time":"3334.76","end_time":"3335.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.856","content":"present"}],"start_time":"3335.52","end_time":"3336.03"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3336.5","end_time":"3336.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3336.56","end_time":"3337.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3337.1","end_time":"3337.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"matters"}],"start_time":"3337.26","end_time":"3337.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"um"}],"start_time":"3337.889","end_time":"3338.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3338.52","end_time":"3338.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3338.909","end_time":"3339.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3339.12","end_time":"3339.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3339.389","end_time":"3340.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3340.77","end_time":"3340.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3340.989","end_time":"3341.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3341.149","end_time":"3341.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3341.379","end_time":"3341.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3341.83","end_time":"3341.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3341.939","end_time":"3342.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3342.31","end_time":"3342.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3342.459","end_time":"3342.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3342.989","end_time":"3343.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3343.209","end_time":"3343.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"3343.35","end_time":"3343.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3343.969","end_time":"3344.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.737","content":"as"}],"start_time":"3344.179","end_time":"3344.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"well"}],"start_time":"3344.77","end_time":"3345.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3345.28","end_time":"3345.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3345.53","end_time":"3345.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3345.659","end_time":"3345.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3345.77","end_time":"3345.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3345.82","end_time":"3346.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3346.07","end_time":"3346.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3346.219","end_time":"3346.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"3347.02","end_time":"3347.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3347.179","end_time":"3347.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"3347.37","end_time":"3347.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3347.55","end_time":"3347.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3347.929","end_time":"3348.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"3348.07","end_time":"3348.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3348.6","end_time":"3348.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.316","content":"Ahmedabad"}],"start_time":"3348.84","end_time":"3349.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3349.639","end_time":"3349.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3349.939","end_time":"3350.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3350.1","end_time":"3350.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3350.399","end_time":"3350.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Google"}],"start_time":"3350.899","end_time":"3351.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Apple"}],"start_time":"3351.54","end_time":"3352.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963333333333333","content":"IBM"}],"start_time":"3352.01","end_time":"3352.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3352.76","end_time":"3353.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3353.219","end_time":"3353.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3354.11","end_time":"3354.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3354.399","end_time":"3354.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3354.56","end_time":"3354.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3354.82","end_time":"3355.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3355.26","end_time":"3355.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3355.489","end_time":"3355.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3355.58","end_time":"3355.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3355.76","end_time":"3356.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"3356.239","end_time":"3356.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3356.479","end_time":"3356.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3356.56","end_time":"3356.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"3356.82","end_time":"3357.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3357.239","end_time":"3357.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3357.36","end_time":"3357.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3357.409","end_time":"3357.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3357.6","end_time":"3358.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.896","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3358.26","end_time":"3358.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3358.979","end_time":"3359.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Silicon"}],"start_time":"3359.54","end_time":"3359.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Valley"}],"start_time":"3359.85","end_time":"3360.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3360.1","end_time":"3360.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Mumbai"}],"start_time":"3360.3","end_time":"3360.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"Mangalore"}],"start_time":"3360.929","end_time":"3361.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3361.3","end_time":"3361.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"Delhi"}],"start_time":"3361.55","end_time":"3361.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3362.3","end_time":"3362.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3362.5","end_time":"3362.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3362.679","end_time":"3362.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3362.84","end_time":"3362.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3362.939","end_time":"3363.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3363.129","end_time":"3363.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3363.31","end_time":"3363.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3363.449","end_time":"3363.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3363.51","end_time":"3363.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3363.659","end_time":"3363.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"retention"}],"start_time":"3363.879","end_time":"3364.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3365.08","end_time":"3365.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3365.409","end_time":"3365.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"order"}],"start_time":"3365.489","end_time":"3365.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3365.699","end_time":"3365.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"3365.8","end_time":"3366.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3366.03","end_time":"3366.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3366.179","end_time":"3366.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"long"}],"start_time":"3366.209","end_time":"3366.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"term"}],"start_time":"3366.399","end_time":"3366.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3366.56","end_time":"3366.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3366.659","end_time":"3366.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3366.82","end_time":"3367.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3367.07","end_time":"3367.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stay"}],"start_time":"3367.239","end_time":"3367.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"long"}],"start_time":"3367.469","end_time":"3367.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"time"}],"start_time":"3367.83","end_time":"3368.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3368.05","end_time":"3368.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3368.1","end_time":"3368.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3368.219","end_time":"3368.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"3368.86","end_time":"3369.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3369.219","end_time":"3369.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3369.35","end_time":"3369.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"challenge"}],"start_time":"3369.37","end_time":"3370.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"3370.06","end_time":"3370.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3370.389","end_time":"3370.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3370.429","end_time":"3370.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3371.429","end_time":"3371.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"3371.909","end_time":"3372.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3372.139","end_time":"3372.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3372.26","end_time":"3372.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3372.36","end_time":"3372.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3372.52","end_time":"3372.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"resumption"}],"start_time":"3372.679","end_time":"3373.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3373.29","end_time":"3373.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"salaries"}],"start_time":"3373.59","end_time":"3374.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3374.32","end_time":"3374.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3374.489","end_time":"3374.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3374.61","end_time":"3374.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"3374.679","end_time":"3374.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"20"}],"start_time":"3374.899","end_time":"3375.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"30%"}],"start_time":"3375.32","end_time":"3375.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"above"}],"start_time":"3375.82","end_time":"3376.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3376.12","end_time":"3376.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3376.34","end_time":"3376.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3376.5","end_time":"3376.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3376.979","end_time":"3377.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3377.34","end_time":"3377.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3377.419","end_time":"3377.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"important"}],"start_time":"3377.649","end_time":"3378.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3378.04","end_time":"3378.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"3378.139","end_time":"3378.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3379.189","end_time":"3379.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"3379.53","end_time":"3379.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"less"}],"start_time":"3380.739","end_time":"3381.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"competition"}],"start_time":"3381.08","end_time":"3381.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3381.56","end_time":"3381.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3381.649","end_time":"3381.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3381.739","end_time":"3382.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3382.85","end_time":"3383.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3383.159","end_time":"3383.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"three"}],"start_time":"3383.449","end_time":"3383.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3383.679","end_time":"3384.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"3384.12","end_time":"3384.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"environment"}],"start_time":"3384.709","end_time":"3385.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3385.199","end_time":"3385.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"3385.379","end_time":"3385.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3385.75","end_time":"3385.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3385.84","end_time":"3385.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3385.909","end_time":"3386.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3386.489","end_time":"3386.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3386.75","end_time":"3386.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"believe"}],"start_time":"3386.8","end_time":"3387.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3387.229","end_time":"3387.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3387.399","end_time":"3387.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3387.62","end_time":"3388.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3388.09","end_time":"3388.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"3388.11","end_time":"3389.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3389.159","end_time":"3389.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3389.239","end_time":"3389.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3389.429","end_time":"3389.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3390.09","end_time":"3390.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3390.32","end_time":"3390.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"less"}],"start_time":"3390.54","end_time":"3390.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"pressure"}],"start_time":"3390.84","end_time":"3391.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3391.489","end_time":"3391.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"competitors"}],"start_time":"3391.62","end_time":"3392.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3392.52","end_time":"3392.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3392.86","end_time":"3393.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9924999999999999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3393.149","end_time":"3393.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3393.37","end_time":"3394.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3394.399","end_time":"3394.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.715","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3394.699","end_time":"3394.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"still"}],"start_time":"3394.739","end_time":"3394.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3395.0","end_time":"3395.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3395.169","end_time":"3395.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"3395.189","end_time":"3395.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"universities"}],"start_time":"3395.75","end_time":"3397.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3397.02","end_time":"3397.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3397.04","end_time":"3397.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3397.649","end_time":"3398.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3398.8","end_time":"3399.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3399.05","end_time":"3399.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"salaries"}],"start_time":"3399.33","end_time":"3399.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3399.87","end_time":"3400.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3400.08","end_time":"3400.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3400.1","end_time":"3400.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"3400.29","end_time":"3400.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3400.699","end_time":"3400.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3400.86","end_time":"3401.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3401.03","end_time":"3401.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"could"}],"start_time":"3401.07","end_time":"3401.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3401.239","end_time":"3401.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3401.59","end_time":"3401.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3401.879","end_time":"3402.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Mumbai"}],"start_time":"3402.56","end_time":"3403.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3403.209","end_time":"3403.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Delhi"}],"start_time":"3403.36","end_time":"3403.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"3403.6","end_time":"3403.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"allows"}],"start_time":"3403.87","end_time":"3404.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3404.199","end_time":"3404.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3404.3","end_time":"3404.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"easily"}],"start_time":"3404.659","end_time":"3405.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"3405.239","end_time":"3405.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"above"}],"start_time":"3405.639","end_time":"3405.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3405.949","end_time":"3406.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3406.81","end_time":"3407.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"here"}],"start_time":"3407.01","end_time":"3407.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3407.28","end_time":"3407.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3407.3","end_time":"3407.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"3407.58","end_time":"3407.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"3407.719","end_time":"3408.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3408.1","end_time":"3408.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"3408.12","end_time":"3408.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"3408.6","end_time":"3408.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3408.919","end_time":"3409.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"face"}],"start_time":"3409.07","end_time":"3409.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.45","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3409.28","end_time":"3409.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rent"}],"start_time":"3409.389","end_time":"3409.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3410.399","end_time":"3410.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3412.03","end_time":"3412.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3412.179","end_time":"3412.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.793","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"3412.32","end_time":"3412.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"3412.61","end_time":"3412.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3412.899","end_time":"3412.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"living"}],"start_time":"3413.0","end_time":"3413.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3413.29","end_time":"3413.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"course"}],"start_time":"3413.36","end_time":"3413.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.732","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3413.62","end_time":"3413.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"therefore"}],"start_time":"3414.03","end_time":"3414.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"salaries"}],"start_time":"3414.5","end_time":"3414.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3414.84","end_time":"3414.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3414.939","end_time":"3415.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"higher"}],"start_time":"3415.139","end_time":"3415.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"also"}],"start_time":"3415.449","end_time":"3415.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3416.649","end_time":"3416.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3416.84","end_time":"3416.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"3416.969","end_time":"3417.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3417.31","end_time":"3417.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"never"}],"start_time":"3417.35","end_time":"3417.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3417.729","end_time":"3417.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3417.78","end_time":"3417.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wildest"}],"start_time":"3417.899","end_time":"3418.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dreams"}],"start_time":"3418.3","end_time":"3418.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"3418.629","end_time":"3418.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3419.0","end_time":"3419.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"3419.219","end_time":"3419.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3419.55","end_time":"3419.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3419.729","end_time":"3419.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"3419.84","end_time":"3420.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"3420.01","end_time":"3420.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"staying"}],"start_time":"3420.129","end_time":"3420.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3420.449","end_time":"3420.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.34","content":"Gandhinagar"}],"start_time":"3420.57","end_time":"3421.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3421.129","end_time":"3421.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"building"}],"start_time":"3421.379","end_time":"3421.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3421.78","end_time":"3421.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3421.879","end_time":"3422.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3422.01","end_time":"3422.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3422.61","end_time":"3422.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3422.76","end_time":"3422.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3422.86","end_time":"3422.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3422.919","end_time":"3423.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"biggest"}],"start_time":"3423.04","end_time":"3423.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mistakes"}],"start_time":"3423.33","end_time":"3423.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3423.79","end_time":"3423.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3423.84","end_time":"3424.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3425.01","end_time":"3425.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3425.159","end_time":"3425.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"created"}],"start_time":"3425.33","end_time":"3425.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3425.8","end_time":"3425.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3425.82","end_time":"3426.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3426.129","end_time":"3426.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"San"}],"start_time":"3426.209","end_time":"3426.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"3426.33","end_time":"3426.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Big"}],"start_time":"3427.3","end_time":"3427.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"mistake"}],"start_time":"3427.75","end_time":"3428.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3428.899","end_time":"3429.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3429.27","end_time":"3429.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3429.629","end_time":"3429.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"3429.649","end_time":"3429.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"one"}],"start_time":"3429.699","end_time":"3429.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"city"}],"start_time":"3429.879","end_time":"3430.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3430.429","end_time":"3430.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3430.649","end_time":"3430.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"next"}],"start_time":"3430.719","end_time":"3430.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3430.979","end_time":"3431.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Google"}],"start_time":"3431.08","end_time":"3431.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Apple"}],"start_time":"3431.6","end_time":"3431.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Microsoft"}],"start_time":"3431.919","end_time":"3432.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.611","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3432.56","end_time":"3432.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.755","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3432.76","end_time":"3432.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3432.8","end_time":"3433.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3433.31","end_time":"3433.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"3433.399","end_time":"3433.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3433.679","end_time":"3433.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3433.79","end_time":"3434.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3434.11","end_time":"3434.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"next"}],"start_time":"3434.899","end_time":"3435.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3435.29","end_time":"3435.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"3435.379","end_time":"3435.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3435.59","end_time":"3436.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3436.37","end_time":"3436.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3436.479","end_time":"3436.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3436.84","end_time":"3436.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"3436.879","end_time":"3437.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3437.199","end_time":"3437.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"living"}],"start_time":"3437.28","end_time":"3437.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3437.59","end_time":"3437.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3437.77","end_time":"3437.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"high"}],"start_time":"3437.949","end_time":"3438.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3438.29","end_time":"3438.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3438.6","end_time":"3438.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"3439.179","end_time":"3439.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mistake"}],"start_time":"3439.6","end_time":"3439.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3439.969","end_time":"3440.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3440.01","end_time":"3440.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3440.239","end_time":"3440.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"after"}],"start_time":"3440.32","end_time":"3440.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3440.669","end_time":"3440.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3440.78","end_time":"3441.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"super"}],"start_time":"3441.459","end_time":"3441.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3441.909","end_time":"3442.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3443.02","end_time":"3443.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3443.34","end_time":"3443.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"now"}],"start_time":"3443.53","end_time":"3443.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3443.719","end_time":"3443.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3443.889","end_time":"3444.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3444.01","end_time":"3444.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"ruler"}],"start_time":"3444.03","end_time":"3444.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3444.32","end_time":"3444.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3444.459","end_time":"3444.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3444.649","end_time":"3444.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3444.78","end_time":"3444.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"never"}],"start_time":"3444.959","end_time":"3445.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3445.239","end_time":"3445.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3445.419","end_time":"3445.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"3445.54","end_time":"3445.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"3445.75","end_time":"3445.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"3445.959","end_time":"3446.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3446.56","end_time":"3446.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"always"}],"start_time":"3446.82","end_time":"3447.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3447.229","end_time":"3447.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3447.409","end_time":"3447.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"3447.51","end_time":"3447.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"3447.659","end_time":"3447.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"3447.84","end_time":"3448.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3448.219","end_time":"3448.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"3448.75","end_time":"3448.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where"}],"start_time":"3448.959","end_time":"3449.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3449.169","end_time":"3449.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3449.32","end_time":"3449.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3449.929","end_time":"3449.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3449.959","end_time":"3450.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3450.53","end_time":"3450.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3450.55","end_time":"3450.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"redemption"}],"start_time":"3450.83","end_time":"3451.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3451.34","end_time":"3451.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3451.379","end_time":"3451.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"3451.479","end_time":"3451.909"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3454.08","end_time":"3454.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"one"}],"start_time":"3454.31","end_time":"3454.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3454.54","end_time":"3454.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3454.78","end_time":"3454.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3454.82","end_time":"3455.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3455.06","end_time":"3455.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3455.469","end_time":"3455.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"show"}],"start_time":"3455.709","end_time":"3456.139"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3456.36","end_time":"3457.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"3457.56","end_time":"3457.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"should"}],"start_time":"3457.85","end_time":"3458.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3458.31","end_time":"3458.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3458.51","end_time":"3458.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3458.639","end_time":"3458.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3458.87","end_time":"3458.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3458.909","end_time":"3459.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3459.03","end_time":"3459.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3459.61","end_time":"3459.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3459.929","end_time":"3459.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3459.949","end_time":"3459.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"remember"}],"start_time":"3459.989","end_time":"3460.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3460.61","end_time":"3460.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3460.909","end_time":"3461.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3461.53","end_time":"3461.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3461.989","end_time":"3462.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3462.01","end_time":"3462.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3462.26","end_time":"3462.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3462.399","end_time":"3462.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3462.419","end_time":"3462.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"investor"}],"start_time":"3462.6","end_time":"3462.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.355","content":"services"}],"start_time":"3462.919","end_time":"3463.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3463.76","end_time":"3463.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3464.3","end_time":"3464.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3464.449","end_time":"3464.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"board"}],"start_time":"3464.58","end_time":"3465.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3465.409","end_time":"3465.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3465.729","end_time":"3466.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3466.11","end_time":"3466.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3466.429","end_time":"3466.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3466.59","end_time":"3466.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3466.79","end_time":"3466.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"3466.81","end_time":"3467.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3467.05","end_time":"3467.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.518","content":"analysis"}],"start_time":"3467.419","end_time":"3467.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3467.79","end_time":"3467.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"us"}],"start_time":"3468.0","end_time":"3468.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What"}],"start_time":"3468.1","end_time":"3468.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.437","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3468.34","end_time":"3468.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3468.459","end_time":"3468.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3468.61","end_time":"3468.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3468.81","end_time":"3468.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3468.949","end_time":"3469.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3469.03","end_time":"3469.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"3469.31","end_time":"3469.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3469.689","end_time":"3469.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"put"}],"start_time":"3469.8","end_time":"3470.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3470.07","end_time":"3470.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"second"}],"start_time":"3470.149","end_time":"3470.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"office"}],"start_time":"3470.52","end_time":"3470.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3470.909","end_time":"3471.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3471.02","end_time":"3471.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3471.469","end_time":"3471.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3471.53","end_time":"3471.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"US"}],"start_time":"3471.649","end_time":"3472.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3472.239","end_time":"3472.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3472.439","end_time":"3472.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"3472.489","end_time":"3472.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3472.709","end_time":"3472.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3472.899","end_time":"3472.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"list"}],"start_time":"3472.919","end_time":"3473.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3473.149","end_time":"3473.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"50"}],"start_time":"3473.27","end_time":"3473.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3474.129","end_time":"3474.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3474.55","end_time":"3474.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3474.699","end_time":"3474.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3474.86","end_time":"3475.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3475.139","end_time":"3475.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3475.189","end_time":"3475.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"list"}],"start_time":"3475.29","end_time":"3475.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3476.09","end_time":"3476.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3476.31","end_time":"3476.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"said"}],"start_time":"3476.33","end_time":"3476.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"no"}],"start_time":"3476.469","end_time":"3476.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"3476.629","end_time":"3476.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.655","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"3476.79","end_time":"3477.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3477.03","end_time":"3477.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3477.25","end_time":"3477.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3477.35","end_time":"3478.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3478.669","end_time":"3478.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"why"}],"start_time":"3478.969","end_time":"3479.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"3479.53","end_time":"3479.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3479.899","end_time":"3479.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3479.969","end_time":"3480.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3480.1","end_time":"3480.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"director"}],"start_time":"3480.12","end_time":"3480.639"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3480.649","end_time":"3480.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3480.929","end_time":"3481.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3481.209","end_time":"3481.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"Buffalo"}],"start_time":"3481.33","end_time":"3481.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3481.699","end_time":"3481.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3481.739","end_time":"3481.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"3481.85","end_time":"3482.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3482.09","end_time":"3482.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"3482.11","end_time":"3482.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"care"}],"start_time":"3482.33","end_time":"3482.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3482.489","end_time":"3482.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"fo"}],"start_time":"3482.82","end_time":"3482.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3482.889","end_time":"3483.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3483.139","end_time":"3483.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cared"}],"start_time":"3483.159","end_time":"3483.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3483.85","end_time":"3484.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.459","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3484.239","end_time":"3484.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3484.37","end_time":"3484.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"could"}],"start_time":"3484.53","end_time":"3484.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3484.82","end_time":"3484.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"3484.959","end_time":"3485.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"3485.159","end_time":"3485.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.877","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3485.33","end_time":"3485.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.442","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3485.379","end_time":"3485.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"3485.409","end_time":"3485.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"3485.719","end_time":"3485.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"city"}],"start_time":"3485.899","end_time":"3486.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"It"}],"start_time":"3486.229","end_time":"3486.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"3486.29","end_time":"3486.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3486.449","end_time":"3486.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"3486.55","end_time":"3486.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3486.669","end_time":"3486.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tier"}],"start_time":"3486.689","end_time":"3486.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"3486.879","end_time":"3487.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3487.629","end_time":"3487.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3487.879","end_time":"3487.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"director"}],"start_time":"3487.959","end_time":"3488.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"decided"}],"start_time":"3488.429","end_time":"3488.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3488.85","end_time":"3488.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"city"}],"start_time":"3488.889","end_time":"3489.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"3489.919","end_time":"3490.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"reteaching"}],"start_time":"3490.35","end_time":"3490.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3490.899","end_time":"3491.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3491.07","end_time":"3491.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3491.09","end_time":"3491.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3491.34","end_time":"3491.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3491.439","end_time":"3491.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3491.51","end_time":"3491.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"3491.889","end_time":"3492.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3492.159","end_time":"3492.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3492.31","end_time":"3492.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"3492.33","end_time":"3492.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3492.659","end_time":"3492.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"knew"}],"start_time":"3492.679","end_time":"3493.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3493.939","end_time":"3493.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"3493.969","end_time":"3494.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3494.36","end_time":"3494.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3494.5","end_time":"3494.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3494.52","end_time":"3494.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3494.85","end_time":"3494.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"looked"}],"start_time":"3494.87","end_time":"3495.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3495.139","end_time":"3495.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3495.199","end_time":"3495.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3496.189","end_time":"3496.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3496.899","end_time":"3497.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3497.55","end_time":"3497.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3497.76","end_time":"3497.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.593","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3497.949","end_time":"3497.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3498.0","end_time":"3498.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"3498.03","end_time":"3498.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Makes"}],"start_time":"3498.189","end_time":"3498.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sense"}],"start_time":"3498.439","end_time":"3499.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3499.189","end_time":"3499.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3500.08","end_time":"3500.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"If"}],"start_time":"3500.34","end_time":"3500.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3500.85","end_time":"3500.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"create"}],"start_time":"3500.979","end_time":"3501.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3501.32","end_time":"3501.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3501.34","end_time":"3501.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3501.669","end_time":"3501.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"San"}],"start_time":"3501.75","end_time":"3501.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"3501.87","end_time":"3502.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3502.29","end_time":"3502.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3502.409","end_time":"3502.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"suffer"}],"start_time":"3502.53","end_time":"3503.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"3503.219","end_time":"3503.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"high"}],"start_time":"3503.729","end_time":"3503.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"salaries"}],"start_time":"3504.0","end_time":"3504.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"high"}],"start_time":"3504.719","end_time":"3504.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rent"}],"start_time":"3504.939","end_time":"3505.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"high"}],"start_time":"3505.479","end_time":"3505.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3506.36","end_time":"3506.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3507.06","end_time":"3507.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3507.53","end_time":"3507.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"available"}],"start_time":"3507.739","end_time":"3508.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3508.27","end_time":"3508.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3508.389","end_time":"3508.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3508.629","end_time":"3508.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"3508.78","end_time":"3508.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3508.909","end_time":"3509.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"smaller"}],"start_time":"3509.199","end_time":"3509.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"3509.949","end_time":"3510.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"3510.909","end_time":"3511.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"asking"}],"start_time":"3511.129","end_time":"3511.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3511.479","end_time":"3511.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3511.58","end_time":"3511.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3511.719","end_time":"3511.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.67","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"3511.949","end_time":"3512.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"also"}],"start_time":"3512.11","end_time":"3512.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3512.689","end_time":"3512.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"3512.709","end_time":"3513.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developer"}],"start_time":"3513.29","end_time":"3513.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"3513.739","end_time":"3514.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3514.34","end_time":"3514.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3514.51","end_time":"3514.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3514.639","end_time":"3515.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"coded"}],"start_time":"3515.02","end_time":"3515.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3515.419","end_time":"3515.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3515.5","end_time":"3515.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"3515.669","end_time":"3516.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"3516.58","end_time":"3517.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3517.459","end_time":"3518.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3518.219","end_time":"3518.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3518.58","end_time":"3518.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"3518.729","end_time":"3519.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3519.399","end_time":"3519.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"coders"}],"start_time":"3519.54","end_time":"3520.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3520.169","end_time":"3520.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"San"}],"start_time":"3520.379","end_time":"3520.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"3520.62","end_time":"3521.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"versus"}],"start_time":"3521.31","end_time":"3521.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3521.86","end_time":"3521.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rest"}],"start_time":"3521.979","end_time":"3522.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3522.239","end_time":"3522.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3522.32","end_time":"3522.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"3522.409","end_time":"3522.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3522.739","end_time":"3522.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3522.939","end_time":"3523.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3523.07","end_time":"3523.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"significantly"}],"start_time":"3523.149","end_time":"3523.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3523.949","end_time":"3524.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3524.8","end_time":"3525.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3525.01","end_time":"3525.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3525.03","end_time":"3526.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.86","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"3527.1","end_time":"3527.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"3527.699","end_time":"3528.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"3528.189","end_time":"3528.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"3528.979","end_time":"3529.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3529.489","end_time":"3529.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3529.679","end_time":"3529.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3529.879","end_time":"3530.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3531.37","end_time":"3531.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Or"}],"start_time":"3532.03","end_time":"3532.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3532.31","end_time":"3532.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"least"}],"start_time":"3532.449","end_time":"3532.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3532.639","end_time":"3532.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"comparable"}],"start_time":"3532.719","end_time":"3533.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3534.59","end_time":"3535.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3535.169","end_time":"3535.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3535.5","end_time":"3535.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"3535.879","end_time":"3536.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Lower"}],"start_time":"3536.669","end_time":"3537.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"3537.08","end_time":"3537.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"average"}],"start_time":"3537.26","end_time":"3537.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3537.86","end_time":"3538.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"could"}],"start_time":"3538.149","end_time":"3538.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3538.36","end_time":"3538.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3538.58","end_time":"3538.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3538.81","end_time":"3538.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3538.959","end_time":"3539.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3539.239","end_time":"3539.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3539.32","end_time":"3539.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"They"}],"start_time":"3540.02","end_time":"3540.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3540.239","end_time":"3540.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3540.379","end_time":"3541.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3541.33","end_time":"3541.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"engineers"}],"start_time":"3541.719","end_time":"3542.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"3542.32","end_time":"3543.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3543.36","end_time":"3543.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3543.6","end_time":"3543.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3543.76","end_time":"3543.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"take"}],"start_time":"3543.82","end_time":"3544.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"average"}],"start_time":"3544.04","end_time":"3544.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"versus"}],"start_time":"3544.399","end_time":"3544.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"average"}],"start_time":"3544.739","end_time":"3545.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3545.129","end_time":"3545.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3545.35","end_time":"3545.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3545.419","end_time":"3545.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3545.439","end_time":"3545.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"3545.6","end_time":"3546.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Average"}],"start_time":"3546.239","end_time":"3546.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"versus"}],"start_time":"3546.689","end_time":"3547.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"average"}],"start_time":"3547.01","end_time":"3547.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3547.679","end_time":"3547.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3548.0","end_time":"3548.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3548.149","end_time":"3548.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3548.169","end_time":"3548.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"3548.409","end_time":"3548.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3548.709","end_time":"3548.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"3548.84","end_time":"3549.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3549.31","end_time":"3549.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.761","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"3549.469","end_time":"3549.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"seen"}],"start_time":"3549.6","end_time":"3549.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3549.81","end_time":"3549.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3549.83","end_time":"3550.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"stars"}],"start_time":"3550.06","end_time":"3550.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3550.709","end_time":"3550.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3551.199","end_time":"3551.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3552.28","end_time":"3553.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3553.219","end_time":"3553.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3553.239","end_time":"3553.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3553.58","end_time":"3553.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"3553.729","end_time":"3553.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3553.909","end_time":"3554.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3554.09","end_time":"3554.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3554.3","end_time":"3554.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3554.439","end_time":"3554.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3554.77","end_time":"3554.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"Gujarat"}],"start_time":"3554.889","end_time":"3555.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3555.86","end_time":"3556.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3556.1","end_time":"3556.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3556.219","end_time":"3556.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"3556.399","end_time":"3556.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3556.639","end_time":"3556.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3556.739","end_time":"3557.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"1%"}],"start_time":"3557.52","end_time":"3558.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.835","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3558.179","end_time":"3558.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3558.26","end_time":"3558.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963333333333333","content":"0.1%"}],"start_time":"3558.3","end_time":"3559.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3559.229","end_time":"3559.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"3559.35","end_time":"3559.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3559.489","end_time":"3559.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3559.689","end_time":"3559.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3559.79","end_time":"3559.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3559.989","end_time":"3560.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"These"}],"start_time":"3560.389","end_time":"3560.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3560.689","end_time":"3560.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3560.929","end_time":"3561.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"comparable"}],"start_time":"3561.149","end_time":"3561.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3561.86","end_time":"3562.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"San"}],"start_time":"3562.1","end_time":"3562.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"3562.37","end_time":"3562.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.518","content":"quarters"}],"start_time":"3563.199","end_time":"3563.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3564.28","end_time":"3564.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3564.669","end_time":"3564.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.645","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3564.949","end_time":"3565.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3565.169","end_time":"3565.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3565.56","end_time":"3565.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3565.899","end_time":"3566.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3566.239","end_time":"3566.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3566.34","end_time":"3566.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3566.5","end_time":"3566.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"research"}],"start_time":"3566.62","end_time":"3566.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3566.979","end_time":"3567.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"development"}],"start_time":"3567.07","end_time":"3567.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3567.51","end_time":"3567.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"San"}],"start_time":"3567.61","end_time":"3567.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"3567.709","end_time":"3568.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3568.28","end_time":"3568.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3568.53","end_time":"3568.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3568.629","end_time":"3568.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3568.78","end_time":"3568.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"development"}],"start_time":"3568.84","end_time":"3569.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3569.25","end_time":"3569.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"3569.35","end_time":"3569.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3569.54","end_time":"3569.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"development"}],"start_time":"3569.6","end_time":"3570.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3570.05","end_time":"3570.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"3570.129","end_time":"3570.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"service"}],"start_time":"3570.56","end_time":"3570.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.792","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3571.29","end_time":"3571.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3571.6","end_time":"3571.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"3571.719","end_time":"3572.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"3572.12","end_time":"3572.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Research"}],"start_time":"3572.35","end_time":"3572.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3572.78","end_time":"3572.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"development"}],"start_time":"3572.86","end_time":"3573.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Center"}],"start_time":"3573.229","end_time":"3573.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3573.439","end_time":"3573.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3573.57","end_time":"3573.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3573.709","end_time":"3573.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"3573.82","end_time":"3574.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3574.139","end_time":"3574.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3574.239","end_time":"3574.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"3574.959","end_time":"3575.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Your"}],"start_time":"3575.29","end_time":"3575.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3575.469","end_time":"3575.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3575.989","end_time":"3576.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.822","content":"coders"}],"start_time":"3576.489","end_time":"3577.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"3577.35","end_time":"3577.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3577.729","end_time":"3577.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3577.82","end_time":"3577.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"compare"}],"start_time":"3577.979","end_time":"3578.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3578.459","end_time":"3578.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3578.84","end_time":"3578.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3579.0","end_time":"3579.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgian"}],"start_time":"3579.399","end_time":"3579.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"codes"}],"start_time":"3579.81","end_time":"3580.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3580.379","end_time":"3580.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3580.399","end_time":"3580.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"3580.81","end_time":"3581.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Bit"}],"start_time":"3581.28","end_time":"3581.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"3581.739","end_time":"3582.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3582.199","end_time":"3582.51"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3582.52","end_time":"3582.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3582.699","end_time":"3582.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgian"}],"start_time":"3582.79","end_time":"3583.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3583.11","end_time":"3583.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3583.31","end_time":"3583.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.678","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3583.51","end_time":"3583.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"3583.53","end_time":"3583.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3583.86","end_time":"3584.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3584.02","end_time":"3584.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3584.32","end_time":"3584.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"3584.719","end_time":"3585.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3585.08","end_time":"3585.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3585.149","end_time":"3585.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3585.199","end_time":"3585.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3585.439","end_time":"3585.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3585.59","end_time":"3585.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.797","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3586.239","end_time":"3586.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3586.32","end_time":"3586.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3586.57","end_time":"3586.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3586.729","end_time":"3586.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3586.8","end_time":"3587.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"3587.04","end_time":"3587.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3588.149","end_time":"3588.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"3588.3","end_time":"3588.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3588.659","end_time":"3588.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3588.75","end_time":"3588.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"universities"}],"start_time":"3588.81","end_time":"3589.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"3590.12","end_time":"3590.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3590.35","end_time":"3590.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"see"}],"start_time":"3590.459","end_time":"3590.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.75","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3590.669","end_time":"3590.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"changing"}],"start_time":"3590.699","end_time":"3591.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3591.149","end_time":"3591.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3591.199","end_time":"3591.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3592.12","end_time":"3593.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3593.52","end_time":"3594.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3594.27","end_time":"3594.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"3594.479","end_time":"3594.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3594.989","end_time":"3595.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"What"}],"start_time":"3595.58","end_time":"3596.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"3596.02","end_time":"3596.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3596.51","end_time":"3596.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3596.709","end_time":"3596.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3596.79","end_time":"3596.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3596.919","end_time":"3596.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"school"}],"start_time":"3597.0","end_time":"3597.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3597.32","end_time":"3597.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3597.419","end_time":"3597.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"3597.55","end_time":"3597.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3597.78","end_time":"3597.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3597.959","end_time":"3598.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"1210"}],"start_time":"3598.139","end_time":"3598.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3598.61","end_time":"3598.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"12"}],"start_time":"3598.719","end_time":"3599.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3599.03","end_time":"3599.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"3599.399","end_time":"3599.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3599.77","end_time":"3599.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"said"}],"start_time":"3599.79","end_time":"3599.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3600.0","end_time":"3600.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3600.469","end_time":"3600.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3600.6","end_time":"3600.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3600.8","end_time":"3600.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3600.909","end_time":"3601.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3601.11","end_time":"3601.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"3601.159","end_time":"3601.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3601.86","end_time":"3602.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3602.11","end_time":"3602.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"least"}],"start_time":"3602.209","end_time":"3602.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3602.469","end_time":"3602.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3602.699","end_time":"3602.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.514","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3602.729","end_time":"3602.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3602.76","end_time":"3603.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3603.31","end_time":"3603.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3603.489","end_time":"3603.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"schools"}],"start_time":"3603.729","end_time":"3604.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3604.189","end_time":"3604.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3604.27","end_time":"3604.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3604.35","end_time":"3604.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"3604.61","end_time":"3605.07"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3605.53","end_time":"3605.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3605.729","end_time":"3606.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3606.04","end_time":"3606.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"improving"}],"start_time":"3606.169","end_time":"3606.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3606.55","end_time":"3606.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3606.57","end_time":"3606.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3606.82","end_time":"3606.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3607.129","end_time":"3607.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3607.36","end_time":"3607.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3607.379","end_time":"3607.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3607.639","end_time":"3607.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cousins"}],"start_time":"3607.77","end_time":"3608.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"who"}],"start_time":"3608.209","end_time":"3608.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"live"}],"start_time":"3608.27","end_time":"3608.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3608.479","end_time":"3608.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Delhi"}],"start_time":"3608.6","end_time":"3608.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.796","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3608.8","end_time":"3608.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3608.939","end_time":"3609.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3609.01","end_time":"3609.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3609.03","end_time":"3609.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"younger"}],"start_time":"3609.32","end_time":"3609.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3609.659","end_time":"3609.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3609.81","end_time":"3610.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.594","content":"They're"}],"start_time":"3610.35","end_time":"3610.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"3610.52","end_time":"3610.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"16"}],"start_time":"3610.84","end_time":"3611.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3611.29","end_time":"3611.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"old"}],"start_time":"3611.429","end_time":"3611.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"3611.719","end_time":"3611.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"17"}],"start_time":"3611.78","end_time":"3612.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3612.25","end_time":"3612.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"old"}],"start_time":"3612.409","end_time":"3612.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"3612.629","end_time":"3612.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3613.27","end_time":"3613.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"remember"}],"start_time":"3613.36","end_time":"3613.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3613.78","end_time":"3613.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3613.939","end_time":"3614.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3614.08","end_time":"3614.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3614.189","end_time":"3614.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3614.26","end_time":"3614.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"5th"}],"start_time":"3614.34","end_time":"3614.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3614.649","end_time":"3614.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"6th"}],"start_time":"3614.77","end_time":"3615.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"grade"}],"start_time":"3615.07","end_time":"3615.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3615.409","end_time":"3615.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3615.52","end_time":"3615.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3615.689","end_time":"3615.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3615.709","end_time":"3615.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"school"}],"start_time":"3615.919","end_time":"3616.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3616.689","end_time":"3616.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3616.919","end_time":"3617.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3617.04","end_time":"3617.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"3617.169","end_time":"3617.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"3617.439","end_time":"3617.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"3617.81","end_time":"3618.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3618.57","end_time":"3618.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3618.709","end_time":"3618.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fifth"}],"start_time":"3618.79","end_time":"3619.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"grade"}],"start_time":"3619.04","end_time":"3619.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3620.33","end_time":"3620.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"3620.36","end_time":"3620.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"product"}],"start_time":"3620.77","end_time":"3621.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"design"}],"start_time":"3621.129","end_time":"3621.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3621.36","end_time":"3621.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3621.449","end_time":"3621.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3621.479","end_time":"3621.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"25"}],"start_time":"3621.56","end_time":"3621.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3621.949","end_time":"3622.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"old"}],"start_time":"3622.11","end_time":"3622.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"3622.399","end_time":"3623.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3623.25","end_time":"3623.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"youtube"}],"start_time":"3623.429","end_time":"3624.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3624.129","end_time":"3624.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"3624.159","end_time":"3624.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3624.639","end_time":"3624.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3624.8","end_time":"3624.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"3624.85","end_time":"3624.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3624.979","end_time":"3624.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"subject"}],"start_time":"3625.0","end_time":"3625.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3625.8","end_time":"3625.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3625.979","end_time":"3626.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3626.12","end_time":"3626.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"3626.219","end_time":"3626.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3626.6","end_time":"3626.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"3626.709","end_time":"3626.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.757","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3626.959","end_time":"3627.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3627.129","end_time":"3627.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"smarter"}],"start_time":"3627.659","end_time":"3628.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3628.25","end_time":"3628.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3628.449","end_time":"3628.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3628.679","end_time":"3628.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3628.919","end_time":"3629.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3629.12","end_time":"3629.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3629.179","end_time":"3629.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3629.219","end_time":"3629.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"age"}],"start_time":"3629.5","end_time":"3629.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"3629.879","end_time":"3630.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3630.09","end_time":"3630.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3630.469","end_time":"3630.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3630.54","end_time":"3630.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3630.56","end_time":"3630.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3630.979","end_time":"3631.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3631.159","end_time":"3631.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"new"}],"start_time":"3631.36","end_time":"3631.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"generation"}],"start_time":"3631.57","end_time":"3632.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3632.53","end_time":"3632.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3632.56","end_time":"3633.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"3633.169","end_time":"3633.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3633.459","end_time":"3633.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3633.479","end_time":"3633.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3633.719","end_time":"3633.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3633.87","end_time":"3633.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3634.0","end_time":"3634.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3634.29","end_time":"3634.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3635.06","end_time":"3635.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3635.26","end_time":"3635.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3635.389","end_time":"3635.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3635.439","end_time":"3635.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3635.6","end_time":"3635.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3635.76","end_time":"3635.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3635.939","end_time":"3636.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3636.189","end_time":"3637.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"1%"}],"start_time":"3637.08","end_time":"3637.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3637.79","end_time":"3637.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"3637.87","end_time":"3638.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3638.129","end_time":"3638.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"income"}],"start_time":"3638.229","end_time":"3638.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3638.59","end_time":"3638.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3638.639","end_time":"3639.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3639.33","end_time":"3639.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3639.37","end_time":"3639.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"3639.56","end_time":"3640.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3640.27","end_time":"3640.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3640.409","end_time":"3640.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ones"}],"start_time":"3640.489","end_time":"3640.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3640.659","end_time":"3640.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"matter"}],"start_time":"3640.75","end_time":"3641.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3641.479","end_time":"3641.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"term"}],"start_time":"3641.629","end_time":"3641.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"1%"}],"start_time":"3641.889","end_time":"3642.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3642.379","end_time":"3642.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drive"}],"start_time":"3642.52","end_time":"3642.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"3642.689","end_time":"3643.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3643.11","end_time":"3643.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3643.239","end_time":"3643.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3643.31","end_time":"3643.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3643.969","end_time":"3644.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3644.139","end_time":"3644.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3644.429","end_time":"3644.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3644.56","end_time":"3645.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3645.179","end_time":"3645.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3645.56","end_time":"3645.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3645.86","end_time":"3646.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3646.399","end_time":"3647.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3647.459","end_time":"3647.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"poor"}],"start_time":"3647.699","end_time":"3647.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3647.929","end_time":"3648.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3648.36","end_time":"3648.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"3648.439","end_time":"3648.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3648.709","end_time":"3648.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3648.84","end_time":"3648.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"poor"}],"start_time":"3648.989","end_time":"3649.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"3649.179","end_time":"3649.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"inequalities"}],"start_time":"3649.61","end_time":"3650.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3650.189","end_time":"3650.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3650.29","end_time":"3650.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3650.469","end_time":"3650.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3650.679","end_time":"3651.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"3651.239","end_time":"3651.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"poor"}],"start_time":"3651.54","end_time":"3651.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.656","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3651.709","end_time":"3652.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"goes"}],"start_time":"3652.07","end_time":"3652.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3652.29","end_time":"3652.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3652.55","end_time":"3652.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"3652.8","end_time":"3653.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"poor"}],"start_time":"3653.189","end_time":"3653.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3654.0","end_time":"3654.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3654.76","end_time":"3655.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3655.33","end_time":"3655.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3655.52","end_time":"3655.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3655.6","end_time":"3655.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3655.979","end_time":"3656.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"driving"}],"start_time":"3656.12","end_time":"3656.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3656.55","end_time":"3656.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bottom"}],"start_time":"3656.75","end_time":"3656.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3656.979","end_time":"3657.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3657.159","end_time":"3657.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3657.239","end_time":"3657.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3658.6","end_time":"3659.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yeah"}],"start_time":"3659.31","end_time":"3659.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3660.389","end_time":"3660.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3660.699","end_time":"3660.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3660.899","end_time":"3661.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3661.479","end_time":"3661.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3661.59","end_time":"3661.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"top"}],"start_time":"3661.739","end_time":"3662.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"3662.03","end_time":"3662.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3662.31","end_time":"3662.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3662.54","end_time":"3662.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3662.679","end_time":"3662.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"stay"}],"start_time":"3662.85","end_time":"3663.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"3663.129","end_time":"3663.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3663.379","end_time":"3663.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3663.459","end_time":"3663.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3663.82","end_time":"3663.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3663.919","end_time":"3664.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lift"}],"start_time":"3664.06","end_time":"3664.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3664.429","end_time":"3664.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rest"}],"start_time":"3664.53","end_time":"3664.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3664.76","end_time":"3664.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3664.84","end_time":"3664.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3664.899","end_time":"3665.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3665.399","end_time":"3665.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3665.979","end_time":"3666.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneur"}],"start_time":"3666.219","end_time":"3666.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3666.889","end_time":"3667.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3667.03","end_time":"3667.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"successful"}],"start_time":"3667.459","end_time":"3668.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"3668.27","end_time":"3668.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3668.82","end_time":"3668.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"order"}],"start_time":"3668.86","end_time":"3669.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3669.419","end_time":"3669.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"generate"}],"start_time":"3669.669","end_time":"3670.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3670.07","end_time":"3670.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3670.52","end_time":"3670.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3670.719","end_time":"3671.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3671.12","end_time":"3671.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"3671.209","end_time":"3671.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"We've"}],"start_time":"3671.81","end_time":"3672.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"had"}],"start_time":"3672.179","end_time":"3672.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3672.5","end_time":"3672.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3672.52","end_time":"3672.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3672.78","end_time":"3672.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"political"}],"start_time":"3672.899","end_time":"3673.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"content"}],"start_time":"3673.52","end_time":"3674.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3674.04","end_time":"3674.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3674.179","end_time":"3674.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"show"}],"start_time":"3674.26","end_time":"3674.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lately"}],"start_time":"3674.659","end_time":"3675.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3675.5","end_time":"3675.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3675.699","end_time":"3675.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"political"}],"start_time":"3675.739","end_time":"3676.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"commentators"}],"start_time":"3676.179","end_time":"3677.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"said"}],"start_time":"3677.139","end_time":"3677.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3677.51","end_time":"3677.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3677.62","end_time":"3677.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"next"}],"start_time":"3677.739","end_time":"3678.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"3678.139","end_time":"3678.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3678.26","end_time":"3678.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3678.399","end_time":"3678.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"entrepreneurs"}],"start_time":"3678.659","end_time":"3679.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"3679.469","end_time":"3679.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3679.62","end_time":"3679.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"show"}],"start_time":"3679.699","end_time":"3680.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"3680.219","end_time":"3680.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"3680.84","end_time":"3681.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3681.02","end_time":"3681.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3681.35","end_time":"3681.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ease"}],"start_time":"3681.5","end_time":"3681.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3681.939","end_time":"3682.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"3682.179","end_time":"3682.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3682.51","end_time":"3682.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3682.919","end_time":"3682.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3682.959","end_time":"3683.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"3684.54","end_time":"3684.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3684.86","end_time":"3684.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"3684.989","end_time":"3685.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3685.399","end_time":"3685.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"3685.52","end_time":"3685.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3685.86","end_time":"3685.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3685.959","end_time":"3686.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3686.08","end_time":"3686.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3686.459","end_time":"3686.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3686.5","end_time":"3686.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.785","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3686.76","end_time":"3686.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3686.899","end_time":"3687.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"3687.33","end_time":"3687.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3688.02","end_time":"3688.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"3688.57","end_time":"3688.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.615","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3688.879","end_time":"3689.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3689.06","end_time":"3689.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"market"}],"start_time":"3689.34","end_time":"3689.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3689.77","end_time":"3690.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3690.06","end_time":"3690.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3690.53","end_time":"3690.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3690.58","end_time":"3690.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"3690.87","end_time":"3691.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3691.82","end_time":"3692.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"brought"}],"start_time":"3692.09","end_time":"3692.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3692.739","end_time":"3692.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"3692.929","end_time":"3693.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3693.04","end_time":"3693.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3693.429","end_time":"3693.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"political"}],"start_time":"3693.5","end_time":"3693.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"commentator"}],"start_time":"3693.949","end_time":"3694.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"said"}],"start_time":"3694.53","end_time":"3694.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3694.81","end_time":"3694.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"3694.989","end_time":"3695.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3695.399","end_time":"3695.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"representation"}],"start_time":"3695.53","end_time":"3696.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3696.34","end_time":"3696.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3696.449","end_time":"3696.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"government"}],"start_time":"3696.57","end_time":"3697.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"3697.07","end_time":"3697.409"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3697.59","end_time":"3698.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"3698.03","end_time":"3698.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"3698.52","end_time":"3698.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"3698.78","end_time":"3699.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3699.04","end_time":"3699.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.588","content":"side"}],"start_time":"3699.06","end_time":"3699.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.234","content":"means"}],"start_time":"3699.53","end_time":"3699.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"either"}],"start_time":"3699.62","end_time":"3699.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pro"}],"start_time":"3699.82","end_time":"3700.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.377","content":"modi"}],"start_time":"3700.179","end_time":"3700.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3700.34","end_time":"3700.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anti"}],"start_time":"3700.449","end_time":"3700.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.502","content":"modi"}],"start_time":"3700.729","end_time":"3701.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.689","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"3701.239","end_time":"3701.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.794","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3701.51","end_time":"3701.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"complete"}],"start_time":"3701.53","end_time":"3701.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"neutral"}],"start_time":"3701.879","end_time":"3702.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3702.219","end_time":"3702.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"3702.6","end_time":"3702.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3702.82","end_time":"3703.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"3703.12","end_time":"3703.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3704.11","end_time":"3704.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3704.37","end_time":"3704.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"still"}],"start_time":"3704.469","end_time":"3704.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"3704.78","end_time":"3705.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3705.02","end_time":"3705.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"3705.12","end_time":"3705.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3705.419","end_time":"3705.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3705.53","end_time":"3705.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3705.6","end_time":"3706.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3706.01","end_time":"3706.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"our"}],"start_time":"3706.05","end_time":"3706.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3706.12","end_time":"3706.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3706.54","end_time":"3707.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"easier"}],"start_time":"3707.129","end_time":"3707.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3707.439","end_time":"3707.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3707.689","end_time":"3707.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3707.739","end_time":"3707.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.757","content":"US"}],"start_time":"3707.85","end_time":"3708.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3708.679","end_time":"3709.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"3709.26","end_time":"3709.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3709.939","end_time":"3710.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3710.07","end_time":"3710.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3710.469","end_time":"3710.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"picky"}],"start_time":"3710.709","end_time":"3711.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3711.05","end_time":"3711.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3711.209","end_time":"3711.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"3711.34","end_time":"3711.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3711.8","end_time":"3711.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3711.989","end_time":"3712.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"3712.429","end_time":"3713.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"3713.06","end_time":"3713.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.081","content":"picket"}],"start_time":"3713.689","end_time":"3713.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"3714.03","end_time":"3714.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"3714.59","end_time":"3715.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"3715.149","end_time":"3715.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"3715.36","end_time":"3715.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3715.57","end_time":"3715.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3716.02","end_time":"3716.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3716.07","end_time":"3716.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3716.5","end_time":"3716.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3716.78","end_time":"3716.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3716.899","end_time":"3716.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"3717.0","end_time":"3717.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3717.229","end_time":"3717.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3717.33","end_time":"3717.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"3717.479","end_time":"3717.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"3717.949","end_time":"3718.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"3718.129","end_time":"3718.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"3718.27","end_time":"3718.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3718.61","end_time":"3718.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"figure"}],"start_time":"3718.79","end_time":"3719.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3719.379","end_time":"3719.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3719.399","end_time":"3719.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3719.61","end_time":"3719.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3719.87","end_time":"3720.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"use"}],"start_time":"3720.03","end_time":"3720.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3720.26","end_time":"3720.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3720.51","end_time":"3720.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.746","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3720.82","end_time":"3720.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"ease"}],"start_time":"3720.989","end_time":"3721.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3721.35","end_time":"3721.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"3721.459","end_time":"3721.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3721.709","end_time":"3722.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"means"}],"start_time":"3722.05","end_time":"3722.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"3722.32","end_time":"3722.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3722.53","end_time":"3722.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3722.55","end_time":"3722.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"owner"}],"start_time":"3722.989","end_time":"3723.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3724.169","end_time":"3724.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3724.35","end_time":"3724.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3724.429","end_time":"3724.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3724.709","end_time":"3725.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3726.219","end_time":"3726.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3726.479","end_time":"3726.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"back"}],"start_time":"3726.58","end_time":"3726.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"end"}],"start_time":"3726.929","end_time":"3727.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"3727.04","end_time":"3727.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3728.35","end_time":"3728.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.839","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3728.53","end_time":"3728.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.396","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3728.649","end_time":"3728.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"3728.989","end_time":"3729.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3730.36","end_time":"3730.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3730.53","end_time":"3730.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3730.699","end_time":"3730.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.479","content":"adapt"}],"start_time":"3730.78","end_time":"3730.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"3731.06","end_time":"3731.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3731.52","end_time":"3732.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3732.219","end_time":"3732.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3732.32","end_time":"3732.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3732.729","end_time":"3732.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3732.929","end_time":"3732.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3732.949","end_time":"3733.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3733.3","end_time":"3733.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3733.449","end_time":"3733.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"3733.729","end_time":"3734.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"Has"}],"start_time":"3734.199","end_time":"3734.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3734.459","end_time":"3734.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"been"}],"start_time":"3734.5","end_time":"3734.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3734.669","end_time":"3734.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3734.709","end_time":"3735.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"where"}],"start_time":"3735.06","end_time":"3735.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3735.189","end_time":"3735.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"found"}],"start_time":"3735.27","end_time":"3735.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3735.51","end_time":"3735.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3735.56","end_time":"3735.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"3735.87","end_time":"3736.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"as"}],"start_time":"3736.5","end_time":"3736.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3736.729","end_time":"3736.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"business"}],"start_time":"3736.75","end_time":"3737.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.826","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3737.469","end_time":"3737.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.854","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3737.78","end_time":"3737.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3737.86","end_time":"3737.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"fail"}],"start_time":"3737.989","end_time":"3738.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3738.31","end_time":"3738.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"tried"}],"start_time":"3738.389","end_time":"3738.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3738.82","end_time":"3738.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"invest"}],"start_time":"3738.84","end_time":"3739.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7655000000000001","content":"$1"}],"start_time":"3739.209","end_time":"3739.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"million"}],"start_time":"3739.59","end_time":"3739.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3739.87","end_time":"3739.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3739.939","end_time":"3740.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3740.31","end_time":"3740.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"created"}],"start_time":"3740.389","end_time":"3740.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3740.729","end_time":"3740.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.549","content":"generator"}],"start_time":"3740.75","end_time":"3741.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3741.239","end_time":"3741.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3741.429","end_time":"3741.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"large"}],"start_time":"3741.449","end_time":"3741.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3741.659","end_time":"3741.82"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3741.899","end_time":"3742.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"failed"}],"start_time":"3742.08","end_time":"3742.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"completely"}],"start_time":"3742.27","end_time":"3742.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"failed"}],"start_time":"3742.61","end_time":"3742.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.622","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3743.649","end_time":"3743.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.535","content":"He"}],"start_time":"3743.679","end_time":"3744.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.748","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3744.12","end_time":"3744.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.475","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"3744.159","end_time":"3744.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"When"}],"start_time":"3745.12","end_time":"3745.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3745.449","end_time":"3745.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3745.629","end_time":"3745.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3745.719","end_time":"3746.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3747.11","end_time":"3747.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3747.649","end_time":"3748.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tried"}],"start_time":"3748.139","end_time":"3748.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3748.52","end_time":"3748.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3748.87","end_time":"3748.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3748.919","end_time":"3749.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3749.439","end_time":"3749.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3749.459","end_time":"3749.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3749.699","end_time":"3749.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"3749.889","end_time":"3750.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3750.139","end_time":"3750.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"3750.35","end_time":"3750.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3750.719","end_time":"3750.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"3750.919","end_time":"3751.26"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"3751.27","end_time":"3751.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3751.709","end_time":"3751.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"3751.87","end_time":"3752.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3752.199","end_time":"3752.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"3752.27","end_time":"3752.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3752.78","end_time":"3752.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"3752.949","end_time":"3753.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"3753.229","end_time":"3753.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3753.709","end_time":"3753.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"3753.879","end_time":"3754.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"first"}],"start_time":"3754.06","end_time":"3754.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"finish"}],"start_time":"3754.3","end_time":"3754.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3754.75","end_time":"3755.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3755.879","end_time":"3756.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3756.1","end_time":"3756.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"notice"}],"start_time":"3757.03","end_time":"3757.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3757.649","end_time":"3757.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"modi"}],"start_time":"3757.739","end_time":"3758.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"government"}],"start_time":"3758.05","end_time":"3758.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3758.57","end_time":"3758.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3758.76","end_time":"3758.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3758.83","end_time":"3758.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"follow"}],"start_time":"3758.87","end_time":"3759.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3759.3","end_time":"3759.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3759.949","end_time":"3760.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3760.209","end_time":"3760.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"3760.429","end_time":"3760.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3760.82","end_time":"3760.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3760.87","end_time":"3760.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3760.989","end_time":"3761.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3761.83","end_time":"3762.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3762.87","end_time":"3763.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3763.199","end_time":"3763.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"3763.229","end_time":"3763.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3763.61","end_time":"3763.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"geopolitical"}],"start_time":"3763.629","end_time":"3764.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"3764.639","end_time":"3765.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3765.429","end_time":"3765.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3765.53","end_time":"3766.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3766.3","end_time":"3766.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"least"}],"start_time":"3766.399","end_time":"3766.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3766.6","end_time":"3766.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"narrative"}],"start_time":"3766.669","end_time":"3767.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3767.229","end_time":"3767.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3767.35","end_time":"3767.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3767.59","end_time":"3767.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3767.629","end_time":"3767.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3767.949","end_time":"3767.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3768.0","end_time":"3768.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.726","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3768.149","end_time":"3768.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3768.25","end_time":"3768.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3768.27","end_time":"3768.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dictatorship"}],"start_time":"3768.62","end_time":"3769.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"oriented"}],"start_time":"3769.35","end_time":"3769.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"3769.81","end_time":"3770.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3770.5","end_time":"3770.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3770.85","end_time":"3771.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"government"}],"start_time":"3771.02","end_time":"3771.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wants"}],"start_time":"3771.429","end_time":"3771.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3771.58","end_time":"3771.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"control"}],"start_time":"3771.649","end_time":"3772.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"3772.04","end_time":"3772.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3772.389","end_time":"3772.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"3772.449","end_time":"3772.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"citizens"}],"start_time":"3772.83","end_time":"3773.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"see"}],"start_time":"3773.439","end_time":"3774.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3774.179","end_time":"3774.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3774.35","end_time":"3774.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"3774.54","end_time":"3774.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"citizens"}],"start_time":"3774.85","end_time":"3775.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3775.26","end_time":"3775.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3775.979","end_time":"3776.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3776.27","end_time":"3776.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3776.59","end_time":"3776.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"3776.61","end_time":"3777.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"3777.12","end_time":"3777.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3777.679","end_time":"3777.949"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3777.959","end_time":"3778.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.66","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3778.07","end_time":"3778.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"little"}],"start_time":"3778.09","end_time":"3778.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mixed"}],"start_time":"3778.219","end_time":"3778.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Some"}],"start_time":"3778.729","end_time":"3779.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3779.129","end_time":"3779.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"3779.239","end_time":"3779.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"who"}],"start_time":"3779.61","end_time":"3779.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3779.939","end_time":"3780.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lived"}],"start_time":"3780.06","end_time":"3780.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"3780.33","end_time":"3780.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3781.06","end_time":"3781.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3781.35","end_time":"3781.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"3781.79","end_time":"3782.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3782.179","end_time":"3782.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3782.27","end_time":"3782.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ways"}],"start_time":"3782.459","end_time":"3782.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.458","content":"They're"}],"start_time":"3782.679","end_time":"3782.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3782.719","end_time":"3782.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"friendly"}],"start_time":"3782.889","end_time":"3783.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3783.729","end_time":"3783.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3783.949","end_time":"3784.05"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.862","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3784.06","end_time":"3784.219"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3784.229","end_time":"3784.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3784.33","end_time":"3784.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3784.689","end_time":"3785.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"et"}],"start_time":"3785.11","end_time":"3785.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.319","content":"cetera"}],"start_time":"3785.209","end_time":"3785.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Sometimes"}],"start_time":"3785.83","end_time":"3786.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"3786.77","end_time":"3787.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"When"}],"start_time":"3787.56","end_time":"3787.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3787.8","end_time":"3787.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"3787.82","end_time":"3788.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3788.169","end_time":"3788.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Chinese"}],"start_time":"3788.449","end_time":"3788.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3788.84","end_time":"3789.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3789.62","end_time":"3789.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"3789.75","end_time":"3790.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3790.1","end_time":"3790.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.752","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"3790.33","end_time":"3790.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3790.51","end_time":"3790.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"3790.53","end_time":"3790.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3790.87","end_time":"3791.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3791.08","end_time":"3791.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"3791.129","end_time":"3791.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"own"}],"start_time":"3791.28","end_time":"3791.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"zone"}],"start_time":"3791.489","end_time":"3791.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.521","content":"They're"}],"start_time":"3792.709","end_time":"3792.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3792.879","end_time":"3792.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"3792.899","end_time":"3793.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3793.159","end_time":"3793.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"away"}],"start_time":"3793.32","end_time":"3793.639"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"They"}],"start_time":"3793.649","end_time":"3793.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3793.86","end_time":"3794.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"3794.139","end_time":"3794.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3794.34","end_time":"3794.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"connect"}],"start_time":"3794.439","end_time":"3794.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3794.939","end_time":"3795.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3795.379","end_time":"3795.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"3795.58","end_time":"3795.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"3795.979","end_time":"3796.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3796.199","end_time":"3796.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anyone"}],"start_time":"3796.3","end_time":"3796.679"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.788","content":"They're"}],"start_time":"3796.689","end_time":"3796.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3796.959","end_time":"3796.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"little"}],"start_time":"3796.979","end_time":"3797.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3797.29","end_time":"3797.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3797.439","end_time":"3797.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"their"}],"start_time":"3797.5","end_time":"3797.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"own"}],"start_time":"3797.62","end_time":"3797.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"3797.84","end_time":"3798.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3798.78","end_time":"3799.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.648","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3799.03","end_time":"3799.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3799.12","end_time":"3799.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3799.159","end_time":"3799.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3799.179","end_time":"3799.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3799.52","end_time":"3799.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"3799.699","end_time":"3800.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3800.3","end_time":"3800.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3800.659","end_time":"3800.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"3800.679","end_time":"3801.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"3801.05","end_time":"3801.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3801.31","end_time":"3801.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3801.33","end_time":"3801.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"days"}],"start_time":"3801.57","end_time":"3801.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3801.87","end_time":"3801.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3801.919","end_time":"3802.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3803.09","end_time":"3803.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3803.51","end_time":"3803.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3803.53","end_time":"3803.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3803.76","end_time":"3803.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3803.919","end_time":"3804.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"3804.179","end_time":"3804.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3804.689","end_time":"3804.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3804.8","end_time":"3804.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"3804.969","end_time":"3805.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3806.57","end_time":"3806.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3806.659","end_time":"3806.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3806.78","end_time":"3806.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3806.8","end_time":"3807.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3807.08","end_time":"3807.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Hong"}],"start_time":"3807.189","end_time":"3807.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Kong"}],"start_time":"3807.32","end_time":"3807.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3807.51","end_time":"3807.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Hong"}],"start_time":"3807.649","end_time":"3807.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Kong"}],"start_time":"3807.78","end_time":"3807.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3807.939","end_time":"3808.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3808.11","end_time":"3808.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3808.219","end_time":"3808.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"3808.489","end_time":"3808.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3808.84","end_time":"3808.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3808.949","end_time":"3809.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3809.37","end_time":"3809.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3809.56","end_time":"3809.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"3809.729","end_time":"3810.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3810.25","end_time":"3810.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3810.35","end_time":"3810.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"now"}],"start_time":"3810.649","end_time":"3811.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3812.129","end_time":"3812.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"3812.379","end_time":"3812.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"going"}],"start_time":"3812.77","end_time":"3813.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3813.03","end_time":"3813.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"become"}],"start_time":"3813.29","end_time":"3813.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3813.659","end_time":"3813.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.822","content":"part"}],"start_time":"3813.679","end_time":"3814.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"We'll"}],"start_time":"3814.129","end_time":"3814.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"see"}],"start_time":"3814.34","end_time":"3814.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3815.25","end_time":"3816.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3816.169","end_time":"3816.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3816.25","end_time":"3816.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3816.59","end_time":"3816.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"3816.639","end_time":"3816.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3816.879","end_time":"3817.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3817.32","end_time":"3817.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Hong"}],"start_time":"3817.429","end_time":"3817.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Kong"}],"start_time":"3817.62","end_time":"3817.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3818.06","end_time":"3818.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3818.52","end_time":"3818.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"250"}],"start_time":"3818.639","end_time":"3819.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3819.139","end_time":"3819.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3819.449","end_time":"3819.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.588","content":"Did"}],"start_time":"3819.919","end_time":"3819.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3819.989","end_time":"3820.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"visit"}],"start_time":"3820.07","end_time":"3820.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Hong"}],"start_time":"3820.32","end_time":"3820.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Kong"}],"start_time":"3820.459","end_time":"3820.8"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3821.05","end_time":"3821.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"went"}],"start_time":"3821.36","end_time":"3821.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3821.659","end_time":"3821.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3821.679","end_time":"3821.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"days"}],"start_time":"3821.899","end_time":"3822.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3822.169","end_time":"3822.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3823.08","end_time":"3823.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3823.27","end_time":"3823.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Hong"}],"start_time":"3823.429","end_time":"3823.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Kong"}],"start_time":"3823.62","end_time":"3823.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3824.58","end_time":"3825.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"mixed"}],"start_time":"3825.31","end_time":"3825.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feeling"}],"start_time":"3825.729","end_time":"3826.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3827.02","end_time":"3827.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"um"}],"start_time":"3827.629","end_time":"3828.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3829.53","end_time":"3829.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"3829.85","end_time":"3830.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"3830.34","end_time":"3830.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3830.77","end_time":"3830.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3830.929","end_time":"3831.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.507","content":"expert"}],"start_time":"3831.28","end_time":"3832.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"3832.3","end_time":"3833.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3833.409","end_time":"3833.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3833.87","end_time":"3834.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3834.239","end_time":"3834.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3834.26","end_time":"3834.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3834.459","end_time":"3834.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3834.629","end_time":"3835.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"3835.01","end_time":"3835.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"3835.29","end_time":"3835.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3835.429","end_time":"3835.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3835.62","end_time":"3835.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"all"}],"start_time":"3835.689","end_time":"3835.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3835.879","end_time":"3836.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"money"}],"start_time":"3836.09","end_time":"3836.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3836.75","end_time":"3837.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3837.909","end_time":"3837.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3837.949","end_time":"3838.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"discussions"}],"start_time":"3838.1","end_time":"3838.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.819","content":"who"}],"start_time":"3838.86","end_time":"3839.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.721","content":"wants"}],"start_time":"3839.12","end_time":"3839.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3839.729","end_time":"3840.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3840.02","end_time":"3840.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3840.219","end_time":"3840.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3840.659","end_time":"3841.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3841.1","end_time":"3841.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3841.449","end_time":"3841.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"style"}],"start_time":"3841.649","end_time":"3841.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.829","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3841.969","end_time":"3842.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"3842.159","end_time":"3842.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3842.28","end_time":"3842.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"3842.56","end_time":"3842.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"off"}],"start_time":"3842.77","end_time":"3843.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3843.1","end_time":"3843.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"show"}],"start_time":"3843.679","end_time":"3843.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"off"}],"start_time":"3843.929","end_time":"3844.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3844.889","end_time":"3845.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3845.11","end_time":"3845.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3845.54","end_time":"3846.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.744","content":"status"}],"start_time":"3846.09","end_time":"3846.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3846.78","end_time":"3847.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"3847.01","end_time":"3847.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"salary"}],"start_time":"3847.219","end_time":"3847.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3848.09","end_time":"3848.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3848.179","end_time":"3848.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"3848.389","end_time":"3848.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3848.6","end_time":"3848.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"3848.689","end_time":"3848.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"3848.919","end_time":"3849.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"some"}],"start_time":"3849.219","end_time":"3850.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3850.229","end_time":"3850.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3850.54","end_time":"3850.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3850.709","end_time":"3850.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3850.939","end_time":"3851.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3851.219","end_time":"3851.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3851.36","end_time":"3851.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"style"}],"start_time":"3851.52","end_time":"3851.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3852.739","end_time":"3852.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3852.76","end_time":"3853.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3853.54","end_time":"3853.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"visited"}],"start_time":"3853.81","end_time":"3854.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3854.209","end_time":"3854.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"3854.55","end_time":"3854.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"well"}],"start_time":"3854.699","end_time":"3855.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3855.199","end_time":"3855.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3855.729","end_time":"3855.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"enjoyed"}],"start_time":"3855.909","end_time":"3856.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3856.35","end_time":"3856.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3856.439","end_time":"3856.59"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"3856.6","end_time":"3856.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3856.84","end_time":"3856.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3856.889","end_time":"3856.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3856.959","end_time":"3857.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3857.76","end_time":"3857.989"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.552","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3858.0","end_time":"3858.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3858.53","end_time":"3858.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"always"}],"start_time":"3858.83","end_time":"3859.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3859.12","end_time":"3859.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3859.29","end_time":"3859.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"visit"}],"start_time":"3859.37","end_time":"3859.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3859.59","end_time":"3859.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"3859.62","end_time":"3860.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.748","content":"What"}],"start_time":"3860.1","end_time":"3860.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3860.52","end_time":"3860.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3860.649","end_time":"3860.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3860.719","end_time":"3860.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3860.939","end_time":"3861.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3861.209","end_time":"3861.679"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.595","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3862.129","end_time":"3863.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3864.429","end_time":"3864.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3865.679","end_time":"3865.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3865.78","end_time":"3866.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3866.129","end_time":"3866.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3866.31","end_time":"3866.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"3866.33","end_time":"3866.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"3866.54","end_time":"3866.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3866.75","end_time":"3866.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"visited"}],"start_time":"3866.77","end_time":"3867.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3867.09","end_time":"3867.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3867.459","end_time":"3867.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3867.51","end_time":"3867.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"went"}],"start_time":"3867.55","end_time":"3867.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3868.0","end_time":"3868.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3868.02","end_time":"3868.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"days"}],"start_time":"3868.179","end_time":"3868.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It"}],"start_time":"3868.409","end_time":"3868.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3868.51","end_time":"3868.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"3868.649","end_time":"3868.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3868.82","end_time":"3868.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3868.939","end_time":"3869.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3869.199","end_time":"3869.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3869.31","end_time":"3869.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"company"}],"start_time":"3869.419","end_time":"3869.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3869.8","end_time":"3870.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3870.629","end_time":"3870.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"3870.79","end_time":"3871.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3871.12","end_time":"3871.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"professional"}],"start_time":"3871.229","end_time":"3871.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"3871.699","end_time":"3872.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3872.709","end_time":"3873.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3873.28","end_time":"3873.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3873.31","end_time":"3873.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3873.729","end_time":"3873.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"super"}],"start_time":"3873.929","end_time":"3874.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3874.32","end_time":"3874.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"host"}],"start_time":"3874.56","end_time":"3875.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3875.55","end_time":"3875.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"3875.59","end_time":"3875.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3875.949","end_time":"3876.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"3876.179","end_time":"3876.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3876.51","end_time":"3876.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"3876.59","end_time":"3876.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3877.0","end_time":"3877.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.637","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3877.229","end_time":"3877.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"China"}],"start_time":"3877.31","end_time":"3877.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3877.719","end_time":"3877.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3877.909","end_time":"3877.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"3877.929","end_time":"3878.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"3878.3","end_time":"3878.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3878.439","end_time":"3878.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"3878.649","end_time":"3879.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3879.399","end_time":"3880.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3880.699","end_time":"3880.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"3880.949","end_time":"3881.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3881.179","end_time":"3881.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3881.27","end_time":"3881.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"respect"}],"start_time":"3881.51","end_time":"3881.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"3881.86","end_time":"3882.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3882.8","end_time":"3883.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3883.04","end_time":"3883.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3883.62","end_time":"3883.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"respect"}],"start_time":"3883.719","end_time":"3884.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3884.139","end_time":"3884.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"relationship"}],"start_time":"3884.239","end_time":"3884.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3884.719","end_time":"3884.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"left"}],"start_time":"3884.77","end_time":"3885.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3885.02","end_time":"3885.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3885.189","end_time":"3885.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"first"}],"start_time":"3885.33","end_time":"3885.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"3885.5","end_time":"3885.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3885.649","end_time":"3885.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3885.75","end_time":"3885.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3885.889","end_time":"3886.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3886.01","end_time":"3886.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3886.169","end_time":"3886.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"write"}],"start_time":"3886.219","end_time":"3886.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3886.439","end_time":"3886.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"3886.459","end_time":"3886.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3886.889","end_time":"3887.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3887.02","end_time":"3887.239"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Europeans"}],"start_time":"3887.25","end_time":"3887.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"3887.719","end_time":"3888.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3888.229","end_time":"3888.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3888.469","end_time":"3888.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3888.58","end_time":"3888.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"3888.75","end_time":"3889.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3889.09","end_time":"3889.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"3889.11","end_time":"3889.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"relationship"}],"start_time":"3889.59","end_time":"3890.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3890.6","end_time":"3890.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"between"}],"start_time":"3890.629","end_time":"3891.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3891.58","end_time":"3891.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3891.75","end_time":"3892.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3892.159","end_time":"3892.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"supplier"}],"start_time":"3892.189","end_time":"3892.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3892.62","end_time":"3892.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3892.82","end_time":"3892.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"3892.87","end_time":"3893.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3893.81","end_time":"3894.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"3894.07","end_time":"3894.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3894.489","end_time":"3894.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"succeed"}],"start_time":"3894.649","end_time":"3895.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3895.08","end_time":"3895.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3895.37","end_time":"3895.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3895.459","end_time":"3895.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"relationship"}],"start_time":"3895.53","end_time":"3895.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"between"}],"start_time":"3895.949","end_time":"3896.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3896.159","end_time":"3896.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"3896.5","end_time":"3896.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"3896.76","end_time":"3896.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"3896.879","end_time":"3897.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3897.879","end_time":"3898.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3898.36","end_time":"3898.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"3898.979","end_time":"3899.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"3899.399","end_time":"3899.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"noticed"}],"start_time":"3899.57","end_time":"3899.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3899.879","end_time":"3899.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3900.0","end_time":"3900.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3900.12","end_time":"3900.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3900.31","end_time":"3900.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3900.55","end_time":"3900.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"3900.79","end_time":"3901.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hosting"}],"start_time":"3901.01","end_time":"3901.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"us"}],"start_time":"3901.55","end_time":"3901.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"welcoming"}],"start_time":"3901.87","end_time":"3902.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"us"}],"start_time":"3902.31","end_time":"3902.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"3902.399","end_time":"3902.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"together"}],"start_time":"3902.81","end_time":"3903.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3903.52","end_time":"3903.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"3903.83","end_time":"3903.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"purpose"}],"start_time":"3903.939","end_time":"3904.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"They"}],"start_time":"3904.489","end_time":"3904.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"took"}],"start_time":"3904.59","end_time":"3904.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3904.83","end_time":"3904.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"out"}],"start_time":"3904.939","end_time":"3905.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"for"}],"start_time":"3905.05","end_time":"3905.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3905.209","end_time":"3905.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3905.229","end_time":"3905.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3905.919","end_time":"3906.469"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3906.729","end_time":"3906.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3906.76","end_time":"3907.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3909.429","end_time":"3909.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3909.62","end_time":"3909.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3909.84","end_time":"3909.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"story"}],"start_time":"3909.86","end_time":"3910.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3910.58","end_time":"3911.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"3911.3","end_time":"3912.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3912.3","end_time":"3912.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3912.32","end_time":"3912.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3912.59","end_time":"3912.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"drinker"}],"start_time":"3912.81","end_time":"3913.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3913.29","end_time":"3914.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3914.899","end_time":"3916.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"tried"}],"start_time":"3916.179","end_time":"3916.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3916.56","end_time":"3916.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"beat"}],"start_time":"3916.679","end_time":"3916.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3916.899","end_time":"3917.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3917.129","end_time":"3917.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3917.3","end_time":"3917.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3917.419","end_time":"3917.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.837","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3918.37","end_time":"3918.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"3918.55","end_time":"3918.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"3918.75","end_time":"3918.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"around"}],"start_time":"3918.87","end_time":"3919.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3919.169","end_time":"3919.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3919.26","end_time":"3919.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3919.399","end_time":"3919.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.659","content":"Js"}],"start_time":"3919.659","end_time":"3919.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3919.729","end_time":"3919.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"3919.899","end_time":"3919.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"3919.949","end_time":"3920.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3920.1","end_time":"3920.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"beers"}],"start_time":"3920.179","end_time":"3920.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3920.54","end_time":"3920.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"no"}],"start_time":"3920.719","end_time":"3920.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3920.82","end_time":"3920.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3920.84","end_time":"3921.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3921.07","end_time":"3921.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anymore"}],"start_time":"3921.27","end_time":"3921.639"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3921.649","end_time":"3921.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"3922.03","end_time":"3922.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3922.36","end_time":"3922.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3922.52","end_time":"3922.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"3922.669","end_time":"3922.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3922.86","end_time":"3922.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3923.0","end_time":"3923.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3923.1","end_time":"3923.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drunk"}],"start_time":"3923.209","end_time":"3923.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"3924.54","end_time":"3924.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3924.57","end_time":"3925.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"3925.32","end_time":"3925.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"else"}],"start_time":"3925.699","end_time":"3925.86"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Fun"}],"start_time":"3925.87","end_time":"3926.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"jokes"}],"start_time":"3927.129","end_time":"3927.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3927.879","end_time":"3928.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3928.34","end_time":"3928.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"3928.54","end_time":"3928.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3928.719","end_time":"3928.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3928.85","end_time":"3928.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"communicate"}],"start_time":"3928.889","end_time":"3929.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3929.429","end_time":"3929.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"3929.58","end_time":"3929.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.886","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3930.29","end_time":"3930.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"3930.729","end_time":"3931.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"3931.129","end_time":"3931.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3931.489","end_time":"3931.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3931.51","end_time":"3931.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"3931.709","end_time":"3931.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"3931.979","end_time":"3932.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.56","content":"are"}],"start_time":"3932.709","end_time":"3932.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.655","content":"we"}],"start_time":"3932.76","end_time":"3933.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"3933.06","end_time":"3933.429"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.452","content":"We"}],"start_time":"3933.439","end_time":"3933.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3933.689","end_time":"3933.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"3933.87","end_time":"3934.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"English"}],"start_time":"3934.179","end_time":"3934.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.567","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3934.81","end_time":"3934.889"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"3934.899","end_time":"3935.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3935.62","end_time":"3935.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"3935.75","end_time":"3935.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"3935.909","end_time":"3936.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"3936.11","end_time":"3936.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3936.199","end_time":"3936.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3936.31","end_time":"3936.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"3938.31","end_time":"3938.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"3938.739","end_time":"3939.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"special"}],"start_time":"3939.129","end_time":"3939.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Does"}],"start_time":"3939.939","end_time":"3940.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3940.449","end_time":"3940.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Conversation"}],"start_time":"3940.79","end_time":"3941.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"come"}],"start_time":"3941.54","end_time":"3941.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"3941.709","end_time":"3941.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3941.84","end_time":"3941.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"3941.979","end_time":"3942.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drunk"}],"start_time":"3942.09","end_time":"3942.53"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3944.29","end_time":"3944.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3944.429","end_time":"3944.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"3944.459","end_time":"3944.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3944.81","end_time":"3944.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3944.979","end_time":"3945.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"3945.1","end_time":"3945.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3945.699","end_time":"3946.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"over"}],"start_time":"3946.04","end_time":"3946.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3946.389","end_time":"3946.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3946.409","end_time":"3946.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"and"}],"start_time":"3947.33","end_time":"3947.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"3948.31","end_time":"3948.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3948.51","end_time":"3948.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"3948.58","end_time":"3948.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"fault"}],"start_time":"3948.85","end_time":"3949.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3949.32","end_time":"3949.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3949.76","end_time":"3949.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"always"}],"start_time":"3949.78","end_time":"3950.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"speak"}],"start_time":"3950.06","end_time":"3950.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3950.31","end_time":"3950.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3950.489","end_time":"3951.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3951.129","end_time":"3951.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.83","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3951.54","end_time":"3951.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3951.719","end_time":"3951.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3951.909","end_time":"3951.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3951.929","end_time":"3952.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3952.159","end_time":"3952.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3952.199","end_time":"3952.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.598","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3952.379","end_time":"3952.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"there"}],"start_time":"3952.479","end_time":"3952.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3952.57","end_time":"3952.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"them"}],"start_time":"3952.75","end_time":"3952.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"or"}],"start_time":"3952.959","end_time":"3953.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"3953.04","end_time":"3953.28"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"3953.29","end_time":"3953.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"3953.909","end_time":"3953.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"3953.929","end_time":"3954.76"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3955.919","end_time":"3956.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"speak"}],"start_time":"3956.12","end_time":"3956.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"3956.379","end_time":"3956.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"3956.56","end_time":"3956.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3956.8","end_time":"3956.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3956.969","end_time":"3957.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"3957.08","end_time":"3957.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drunk"}],"start_time":"3957.199","end_time":"3957.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3957.5","end_time":"3957.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"3957.55","end_time":"3957.969"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.516","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3957.979","end_time":"3958.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3958.629","end_time":"3959.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"am"}],"start_time":"3959.05","end_time":"3959.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"not"}],"start_time":"3959.11","end_time":"3959.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"drinking"}],"start_time":"3959.28","end_time":"3959.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"anymore"}],"start_time":"3959.52","end_time":"3959.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3959.699","end_time":"3959.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3959.719","end_time":"3959.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3959.949","end_time":"3960.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"since"}],"start_time":"3960.199","end_time":"3960.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3960.34","end_time":"3960.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3960.36","end_time":"3960.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3960.56","end_time":"3960.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3961.12","end_time":"3961.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3961.53","end_time":"3961.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3961.58","end_time":"3962.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.512","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3962.06","end_time":"3962.07"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"liver"}],"start_time":"3962.08","end_time":"3962.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"disease"}],"start_time":"3962.55","end_time":"3963.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3963.09","end_time":"3963.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3963.159","end_time":"3963.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3963.429","end_time":"3963.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3963.689","end_time":"3963.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"3963.86","end_time":"3964.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3964.1","end_time":"3964.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3964.12","end_time":"3964.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3964.439","end_time":"3964.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"3964.459","end_time":"3964.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"die"}],"start_time":"3964.689","end_time":"3965.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3967.189","end_time":"3967.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.603","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3967.439","end_time":"3967.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"3967.79","end_time":"3968.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"3968.169","end_time":"3968.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.511","content":"cirrhosis"}],"start_time":"3968.379","end_time":"3968.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"You"}],"start_time":"3969.26","end_time":"3969.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3969.439","end_time":"3969.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.722","content":"cirrhosis"}],"start_time":"3970.04","end_time":"3970.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3970.219","end_time":"3970.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"3970.429","end_time":"3970.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3970.739","end_time":"3970.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.548","content":"drank"}],"start_time":"3970.83","end_time":"3971.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"too"}],"start_time":"3971.28","end_time":"3971.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3971.35","end_time":"3971.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"3972.26","end_time":"3972.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"3972.489","end_time":"3972.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3972.59","end_time":"3972.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"3972.61","end_time":"3972.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3972.919","end_time":"3973.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anymore"}],"start_time":"3973.189","end_time":"3973.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"since"}],"start_time":"3973.459","end_time":"3973.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3973.659","end_time":"3973.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"few"}],"start_time":"3973.679","end_time":"3973.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"3973.899","end_time":"3974.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"3974.629","end_time":"3975.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"3975.04","end_time":"3975.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"3975.12","end_time":"3975.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3975.389","end_time":"3975.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.65","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3975.439","end_time":"3975.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3975.61","end_time":"3975.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"3975.629","end_time":"3976.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"3976.179","end_time":"3976.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"3976.949","end_time":"3978.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3978.34","end_time":"3978.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"3979.479","end_time":"3979.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3979.689","end_time":"3979.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"drank"}],"start_time":"3979.78","end_time":"3980.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3980.1","end_time":"3980.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3980.12","end_time":"3980.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3980.33","end_time":"3980.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3980.449","end_time":"3980.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3980.53","end_time":"3980.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"younger"}],"start_time":"3980.61","end_time":"3981.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"3981.199","end_time":"3981.3"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"3981.31","end_time":"3981.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"why"}],"start_time":"3981.52","end_time":"3981.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.769","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3981.709","end_time":"3981.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"have"}],"start_time":"3981.75","end_time":"3981.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.492","content":"CSIS"}],"start_time":"3981.899","end_time":"3981.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"3982.56","end_time":"3983.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3983.04","end_time":"3983.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3983.209","end_time":"3983.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3983.26","end_time":"3983.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"3983.75","end_time":"3983.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3983.899","end_time":"3983.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"were"}],"start_time":"3983.969","end_time":"3984.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.822","content":"younger"}],"start_time":"3984.05","end_time":"3984.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"3984.3","end_time":"3984.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"3984.469","end_time":"3985.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.826","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"3985.169","end_time":"3985.59"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"3985.76","end_time":"3986.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"part"}],"start_time":"3986.12","end_time":"3986.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3986.409","end_time":"3986.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3986.5","end_time":"3986.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"3986.669","end_time":"3987.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Students"}],"start_time":"3987.189","end_time":"3987.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3987.83","end_time":"3988.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3988.169","end_time":"3988.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3988.189","end_time":"3988.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3989.639","end_time":"3989.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"3989.659","end_time":"3989.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"3989.949","end_time":"3990.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"beers"}],"start_time":"3990.09","end_time":"3990.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"3990.51","end_time":"3990.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3990.79","end_time":"3990.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"3991.0","end_time":"3991.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"3991.169","end_time":"3991.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"3991.219","end_time":"3991.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"3992.129","end_time":"3992.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"3992.34","end_time":"3992.78"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"3993.04","end_time":"3993.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"safe"}],"start_time":"3993.33","end_time":"3993.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"It"}],"start_time":"3994.11","end_time":"3994.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3994.36","end_time":"3994.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"3994.59","end_time":"3994.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Saturday"}],"start_time":"3994.61","end_time":"3995.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"night"}],"start_time":"3995.35","end_time":"3995.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3995.909","end_time":"3996.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"3996.02","end_time":"3996.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"3996.29","end_time":"3996.32"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"3996.33","end_time":"3996.469"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3996.479","end_time":"3996.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"during"}],"start_time":"3996.659","end_time":"3996.889"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3996.899","end_time":"3996.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"3997.0","end_time":"3997.57"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"during"}],"start_time":"3997.689","end_time":"3998.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"3998.09","end_time":"3998.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"3998.189","end_time":"3998.699"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"3998.709","end_time":"3999.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"So"}],"start_time":"3999.03","end_time":"3999.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"I"}],"start_time":"3999.389","end_time":"3999.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"was"}],"start_time":"3999.419","end_time":"3999.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"3999.879","end_time":"4000.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4000.28","end_time":"4000.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4000.449","end_time":"4000.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"student"}],"start_time":"4000.469","end_time":"4000.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bar"}],"start_time":"4000.8","end_time":"4001.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"4001.07","end_time":"4001.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4001.26","end_time":"4001.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"owned"}],"start_time":"4001.35","end_time":"4001.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"by"}],"start_time":"4001.629","end_time":"4001.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4001.79","end_time":"4001.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"student"}],"start_time":"4001.87","end_time":"4002.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4002.919","end_time":"4003.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4003.179","end_time":"4003.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4003.209","end_time":"4003.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4003.55","end_time":"4003.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"week"}],"start_time":"4003.78","end_time":"4004.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4004.27","end_time":"4004.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"during"}],"start_time":"4004.58","end_time":"4004.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4004.81","end_time":"4004.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"weekend"}],"start_time":"4004.909","end_time":"4005.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4005.189","end_time":"4005.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"come"}],"start_time":"4005.26","end_time":"4005.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"back"}],"start_time":"4005.429","end_time":"4005.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4005.59","end_time":"4005.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4005.679","end_time":"4005.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"parents"}],"start_time":"4005.81","end_time":"4006.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4006.149","end_time":"4006.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4006.179","end_time":"4006.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4006.26","end_time":"4006.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"4006.469","end_time":"4006.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4006.699","end_time":"4006.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"during"}],"start_time":"4006.81","end_time":"4006.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4007.0","end_time":"4007.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"week"}],"start_time":"4007.12","end_time":"4007.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4007.34","end_time":"4007.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.677","content":"during"}],"start_time":"4007.37","end_time":"4007.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4007.659","end_time":"4007.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whole"}],"start_time":"4007.739","end_time":"4007.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"week"}],"start_time":"4007.889","end_time":"4008.389"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4008.54","end_time":"4008.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"day"}],"start_time":"4008.959","end_time":"4009.09"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4009.1","end_time":"4009.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"day"}],"start_time":"4009.639","end_time":"4009.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4009.989","end_time":"4010.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4010.28","end_time":"4010.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4010.51","end_time":"4010.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"day"}],"start_time":"4010.729","end_time":"4011.01"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4011.61","end_time":"4012.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"3040"}],"start_time":"4012.25","end_time":"4014.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"beers"}],"start_time":"4014.09","end_time":"4014.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"Way"}],"start_time":"4015.909","end_time":"4016.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"too"}],"start_time":"4016.229","end_time":"4016.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4016.459","end_time":"4016.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4016.669","end_time":"4016.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4016.919","end_time":"4017.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"point"}],"start_time":"4017.02","end_time":"4017.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4017.35","end_time":"4017.51"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4017.52","end_time":"4017.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4017.62","end_time":"4017.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.801","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4017.78","end_time":"4017.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"cirrhosis"}],"start_time":"4018.129","end_time":"4018.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"Oh"}],"start_time":"4019.35","end_time":"4019.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"man"}],"start_time":"4019.51","end_time":"4019.84"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"How"}],"start_time":"4020.689","end_time":"4020.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"does"}],"start_time":"4020.959","end_time":"4020.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.428","content":"cirrhosis"}],"start_time":"4021.37","end_time":"4021.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4022.159","end_time":"4022.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4022.179","end_time":"4022.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"4022.409","end_time":"4022.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4022.679","end_time":"4022.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"4022.85","end_time":"4023.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4023.179","end_time":"4023.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4023.29","end_time":"4023.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"liver"}],"start_time":"4023.379","end_time":"4023.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4023.81","end_time":"4023.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4023.959","end_time":"4024.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"only"}],"start_time":"4024.04","end_time":"4024.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"organ"}],"start_time":"4024.28","end_time":"4024.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4025.36","end_time":"4025.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4025.429","end_time":"4025.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"body"}],"start_time":"4025.659","end_time":"4026.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4027.199","end_time":"4027.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4027.449","end_time":"4027.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4027.76","end_time":"4028.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4028.429","end_time":"4028.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"can"}],"start_time":"4028.75","end_time":"4029.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"regenerate"}],"start_time":"4029.07","end_time":"4029.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"itself"}],"start_time":"4030.129","end_time":"4030.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"except"}],"start_time":"4030.62","end_time":"4031.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4031.189","end_time":"4031.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4031.33","end_time":"4031.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4031.409","end_time":"4031.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4031.53","end_time":"4031.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4031.659","end_time":"4031.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"level"}],"start_time":"4031.739","end_time":"4031.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4031.989","end_time":"4032.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"cirrhosis"}],"start_time":"4032.31","end_time":"4032.489"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4033.229","end_time":"4034.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4034.36","end_time":"4034.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"4034.669","end_time":"4035.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4035.01","end_time":"4035.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"insensitive"}],"start_time":"4035.26","end_time":"4036.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4036.489","end_time":"4036.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4036.639","end_time":"4036.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4036.729","end_time":"4036.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4036.949","end_time":"4037.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"4037.27","end_time":"4037.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"4037.76","end_time":"4037.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4037.989","end_time":"4038.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"4038.02","end_time":"4038.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"4038.229","end_time":"4038.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4038.59","end_time":"4038.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4038.639","end_time":"4038.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"liver"}],"start_time":"4038.719","end_time":"4039.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4039.01","end_time":"4039.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4039.09","end_time":"4039.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4039.189","end_time":"4039.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.674","content":"find"}],"start_time":"4039.429","end_time":"4039.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"4039.679","end_time":"4040.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"4040.239","end_time":"4040.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4040.51","end_time":"4040.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"discover"}],"start_time":"4040.57","end_time":"4041.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4041.07","end_time":"4041.179"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4041.189","end_time":"4041.28"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"by"}],"start_time":"4041.29","end_time":"4041.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"luck"}],"start_time":"4041.51","end_time":"4041.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4041.969","end_time":"4042.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4042.379","end_time":"4042.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4042.429","end_time":"4042.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4042.59","end_time":"4042.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fortunate"}],"start_time":"4042.87","end_time":"4043.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4043.27","end_time":"4043.699"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.348","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4043.709","end_time":"4044.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4044.06","end_time":"4044.32"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"issues"}],"start_time":"4044.33","end_time":"4044.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"They"}],"start_time":"4044.75","end_time":"4044.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"made"}],"start_time":"4044.87","end_time":"4045.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4045.12","end_time":"4045.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"scans"}],"start_time":"4045.31","end_time":"4046.11"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4046.399","end_time":"4046.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"discovered"}],"start_time":"4046.55","end_time":"4047.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4047.139","end_time":"4047.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4047.469","end_time":"4047.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"earlier"}],"start_time":"4047.75","end_time":"4048.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4048.379","end_time":"4048.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4048.469","end_time":"4048.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"process"}],"start_time":"4048.59","end_time":"4048.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4048.919","end_time":"4049.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4049.03","end_time":"4049.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"series"}],"start_time":"4049.149","end_time":"4049.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4049.469","end_time":"4049.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4050.139","end_time":"4050.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"4050.209","end_time":"4050.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"live"}],"start_time":"4050.489","end_time":"4050.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4050.629","end_time":"4050.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4050.86","end_time":"4050.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"without"}],"start_time":"4050.989","end_time":"4051.36"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"4051.37","end_time":"4051.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4051.729","end_time":"4052.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4052.169","end_time":"4052.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"long"}],"start_time":"4052.189","end_time":"4052.409"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"time"}],"start_time":"4052.419","end_time":"4052.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4052.59","end_time":"4052.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4052.76","end_time":"4052.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"4052.78","end_time":"4053.179"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"drink"}],"start_time":"4053.189","end_time":"4053.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4053.54","end_time":"4053.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4053.679","end_time":"4054.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"4054.26","end_time":"4054.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"4054.51","end_time":"4054.659"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4054.669","end_time":"4054.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4054.729","end_time":"4055.01"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4055.02","end_time":"4055.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4055.149","end_time":"4055.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"found"}],"start_time":"4055.209","end_time":"4055.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"out"}],"start_time":"4055.5","end_time":"4055.739"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4056.12","end_time":"4056.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4056.389","end_time":"4056.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"4056.51","end_time":"4056.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4056.87","end_time":"4056.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4056.889","end_time":"4057.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"die"}],"start_time":"4057.11","end_time":"4057.36"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4058.169","end_time":"4058.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4058.449","end_time":"4058.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4058.989","end_time":"4059.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"process"}],"start_time":"4059.03","end_time":"4059.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"after"}],"start_time":"4059.439","end_time":"4059.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.533","content":"eight"}],"start_time":"4059.729","end_time":"4059.86"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"months"}],"start_time":"4059.87","end_time":"4060.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4060.26","end_time":"4060.34"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"examination"}],"start_time":"4060.35","end_time":"4061.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.584","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4061.11","end_time":"4061.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4061.149","end_time":"4061.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"told"}],"start_time":"4061.26","end_time":"4061.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4061.55","end_time":"4061.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"exactly"}],"start_time":"4061.719","end_time":"4062.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4062.3","end_time":"4062.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4062.909","end_time":"4063.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4063.139","end_time":"4063.219"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"4063.229","end_time":"4063.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4063.5","end_time":"4063.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.425","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4063.959","end_time":"4063.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4063.989","end_time":"4064.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4064.07","end_time":"4064.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"web"}],"start_time":"4064.179","end_time":"4064.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4064.469","end_time":"4064.61"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.815","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4064.62","end_time":"4064.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"right"}],"start_time":"4064.679","end_time":"4064.929"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4065.189","end_time":"4065.489"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"horrible"}],"start_time":"4065.5","end_time":"4066.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4066.03","end_time":"4066.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4066.61","end_time":"4066.679"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4066.689","end_time":"4066.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"10"}],"start_time":"4066.78","end_time":"4066.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4066.969","end_time":"4067.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4067.209","end_time":"4067.3"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.815","content":"leave"}],"start_time":"4067.31","end_time":"4067.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.729","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4067.57","end_time":"4067.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4067.61","end_time":"4067.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"4067.79","end_time":"4067.949"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4067.959","end_time":"4068.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4068.04","end_time":"4068.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4068.82","end_time":"4069.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4069.54","end_time":"4069.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4069.56","end_time":"4069.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"explained"}],"start_time":"4069.78","end_time":"4070.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4070.149","end_time":"4070.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4070.32","end_time":"4070.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4070.36","end_time":"4070.449"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"end"}],"start_time":"4070.459","end_time":"4070.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4070.679","end_time":"4070.82"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4070.83","end_time":"4070.84"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4070.85","end_time":"4071.09"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.707","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4071.1","end_time":"4071.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4071.139","end_time":"4071.26"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4071.27","end_time":"4071.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beginning"}],"start_time":"4071.54","end_time":"4072.239"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4072.439","end_time":"4072.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4072.86","end_time":"4072.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4072.879","end_time":"4073.159"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4073.169","end_time":"4073.57"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"live"}],"start_time":"4073.58","end_time":"4073.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4073.82","end_time":"4073.989"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4074.0","end_time":"4074.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"4074.139","end_time":"4074.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"whole"}],"start_time":"4074.36","end_time":"4074.55"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"4074.56","end_time":"4074.78"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"without"}],"start_time":"4074.79","end_time":"4075.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"4075.04","end_time":"4075.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4075.729","end_time":"4076.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4076.239","end_time":"4076.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"4076.26","end_time":"4077.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"transgress"}],"start_time":"4077.12","end_time":"4077.739"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4077.919","end_time":"4079.05"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"4079.06","end_time":"4079.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"China"}],"start_time":"4079.199","end_time":"4079.61"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Which"}],"start_time":"4079.62","end_time":"4079.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"place"}],"start_time":"4079.909","end_time":"4080.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4080.219","end_time":"4080.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4080.32","end_time":"4080.389"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"found"}],"start_time":"4080.399","end_time":"4080.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"challenging"}],"start_time":"4080.639","end_time":"4081.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4081.379","end_time":"4081.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"4081.54","end_time":"4082.03"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"4082.04","end_time":"4082.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4083.28","end_time":"4084.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4085.3","end_time":"4086.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4087.379","end_time":"4087.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4087.449","end_time":"4087.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4087.81","end_time":"4087.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4087.919","end_time":"4087.929"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4087.939","end_time":"4088.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"answer"}],"start_time":"4088.11","end_time":"4088.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4088.3","end_time":"4088.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4088.61","end_time":"4088.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"4088.639","end_time":"4088.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4088.929","end_time":"4089.11"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.836","content":"succeeded"}],"start_time":"4089.12","end_time":"4089.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Every"}],"start_time":"4089.53","end_time":"4089.8"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4089.81","end_time":"4090.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4090.129","end_time":"4090.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"opened"}],"start_time":"4090.449","end_time":"4090.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4091.35","end_time":"4091.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"4091.54","end_time":"4092.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"4092.09","end_time":"4092.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4092.469","end_time":"4092.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4092.639","end_time":"4092.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"failed"}],"start_time":"4092.76","end_time":"4093.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4093.449","end_time":"4093.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4093.61","end_time":"4093.76"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4093.77","end_time":"4093.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4093.929","end_time":"4094.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4094.09","end_time":"4094.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4094.139","end_time":"4094.55"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4094.56","end_time":"4094.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4094.659","end_time":"4094.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4094.78","end_time":"4094.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4094.969","end_time":"4095.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"person"}],"start_time":"4095.05","end_time":"4095.53"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4096.08","end_time":"4096.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4096.31","end_time":"4096.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4096.709","end_time":"4096.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"picked"}],"start_time":"4096.819","end_time":"4097.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4097.049","end_time":"4097.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"wrong"}],"start_time":"4097.14","end_time":"4097.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4097.509","end_time":"4097.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"4097.529","end_time":"4098.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4098.39","end_time":"4098.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4098.64","end_time":"4098.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"4098.819","end_time":"4099.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4099.049","end_time":"4099.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4099.069","end_time":"4099.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.468","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4099.319","end_time":"4099.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4099.359","end_time":"4099.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4099.479","end_time":"4099.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4099.669","end_time":"4099.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4099.83","end_time":"4100.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4100.419","end_time":"4100.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4100.66","end_time":"4100.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4100.919","end_time":"4101.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"4101.209","end_time":"4101.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"4101.81","end_time":"4102.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4103.18","end_time":"4103.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"director"}],"start_time":"4103.43","end_time":"4104.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"or"}],"start_time":"4104.22","end_time":"4104.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"4104.27","end_time":"4104.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4104.609","end_time":"4104.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4104.72","end_time":"4104.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"4104.979","end_time":"4105.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4105.33","end_time":"4105.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"The"}],"start_time":"4105.649","end_time":"4105.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"4105.81","end_time":"4106.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4106.04","end_time":"4106.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4106.229","end_time":"4106.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"become"}],"start_time":"4106.319","end_time":"4106.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4106.629","end_time":"4106.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"team"}],"start_time":"4106.649","end_time":"4106.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"leader"}],"start_time":"4106.89","end_time":"4107.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4107.24","end_time":"4107.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4107.37","end_time":"4107.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4107.75","end_time":"4108.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4108.02","end_time":"4108.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4108.149","end_time":"4108.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4108.29","end_time":"4108.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"4108.37","end_time":"4108.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4108.62","end_time":"4108.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4108.74","end_time":"4108.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"team"}],"start_time":"4108.759","end_time":"4109.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4109.72","end_time":"4109.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4109.79","end_time":"4110.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4110.189","end_time":"4110.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4110.31","end_time":"4110.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"make"}],"start_time":"4110.47","end_time":"4110.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"4110.64","end_time":"4110.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"grow"}],"start_time":"4110.79","end_time":"4111.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4111.43","end_time":"4111.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4111.7","end_time":"4111.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"4111.89","end_time":"4112.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4112.31","end_time":"4112.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4112.439","end_time":"4112.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4112.689","end_time":"4112.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4112.77","end_time":"4113.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4113.029","end_time":"4113.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"4113.069","end_time":"4113.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"York"}],"start_time":"4113.229","end_time":"4113.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4113.74","end_time":"4113.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruited"}],"start_time":"4113.759","end_time":"4114.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"4114.31","end_time":"4114.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"external"}],"start_time":"4114.39","end_time":"4114.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"manager"}],"start_time":"4114.85","end_time":"4115.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"director"}],"start_time":"4115.35","end_time":"4116.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"He"}],"start_time":"4116.129","end_time":"4116.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"4116.39","end_time":"4116.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4116.52","end_time":"4116.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4116.54","end_time":"4116.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"4116.83","end_time":"4117.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4117.24","end_time":"4117.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4117.49","end_time":"4117.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4117.689","end_time":"4117.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"resume"}],"start_time":"4117.79","end_time":"4118.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"He"}],"start_time":"4118.1","end_time":"4118.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4118.169","end_time":"4118.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"4118.339","end_time":"4118.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"He"}],"start_time":"4118.939","end_time":"4119.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"built"}],"start_time":"4119.129","end_time":"4119.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"4119.35","end_time":"4119.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"start"}],"start_time":"4119.5","end_time":"4119.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.256","content":"up"}],"start_time":"4119.899","end_time":"4120.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4120.049","end_time":"4120.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"grew"}],"start_time":"4120.22","end_time":"4120.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4120.459","end_time":"4120.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"4120.79","end_time":"4121.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4121.609","end_time":"4121.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"He's"}],"start_time":"4121.629","end_time":"4122.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgian"}],"start_time":"4122.35","end_time":"4122.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4122.87","end_time":"4123.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"4123.1","end_time":"4123.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"York"}],"start_time":"4123.229","end_time":"4123.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4123.529","end_time":"4123.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4123.629","end_time":"4123.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"could"}],"start_time":"4123.759","end_time":"4123.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4123.97","end_time":"4124.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"us"}],"start_time":"4124.45","end_time":"4124.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4124.509","end_time":"4124.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4124.839","end_time":"4125.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4125.27","end_time":"4125.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.687","content":"developed"}],"start_time":"4125.549","end_time":"4126.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"4126.209","end_time":"4126.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4126.529","end_time":"4126.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"4126.589","end_time":"4126.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"York"}],"start_time":"4126.68","end_time":"4126.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4126.879","end_time":"4126.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4127.0","end_time":"4127.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.465","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4127.1","end_time":"4127.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4127.339","end_time":"4127.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"4127.6","end_time":"4127.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4127.799","end_time":"4127.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"4127.87","end_time":"4127.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4128.0","end_time":"4128.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"great"}],"start_time":"4128.129","end_time":"4128.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4128.83","end_time":"4129.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4129.419","end_time":"4129.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4129.56","end_time":"4129.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4129.879","end_time":"4130.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4130.14","end_time":"4130.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"us"}],"start_time":"4130.29","end_time":"4130.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"He"}],"start_time":"4130.799","end_time":"4130.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4130.879","end_time":"4131.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4131.149","end_time":"4131.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4131.25","end_time":"4131.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4131.5","end_time":"4131.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4131.549","end_time":"4131.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4131.85","end_time":"4131.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4131.93","end_time":"4132.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4132.129","end_time":"4132.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.632","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4132.62","end_time":"4132.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4132.74","end_time":"4132.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4132.95","end_time":"4133.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4133.25","end_time":"4133.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4133.43","end_time":"4134.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4134.109","end_time":"4134.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4134.39","end_time":"4134.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4134.589","end_time":"4134.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4134.939","end_time":"4135.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4135.209","end_time":"4135.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4135.45","end_time":"4135.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"He"}],"start_time":"4135.959","end_time":"4136.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4136.149","end_time":"4136.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4136.31","end_time":"4136.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"aligned"}],"start_time":"4136.49","end_time":"4136.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4136.91","end_time":"4137.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4137.069","end_time":"4137.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4137.189","end_time":"4137.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4137.35","end_time":"4137.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"manage"}],"start_time":"4137.479","end_time":"4137.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"our"}],"start_time":"4137.87","end_time":"4137.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"4137.899","end_time":"4138.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4138.39","end_time":"4138.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4138.66","end_time":"4138.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4138.689","end_time":"4138.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4138.95","end_time":"4139.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4139.72","end_time":"4140.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"All"}],"start_time":"4140.029","end_time":"4140.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4140.589","end_time":"4140.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4140.629","end_time":"4140.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"times"}],"start_time":"4140.759","end_time":"4141.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4141.35","end_time":"4141.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"4141.6","end_time":"4142.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"created"}],"start_time":"4142.009","end_time":"4142.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4142.419","end_time":"4142.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"new"}],"start_time":"4142.439","end_time":"4142.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4142.669","end_time":"4143.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4143.109","end_time":"4143.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4143.54","end_time":"4143.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.522","content":"non"}],"start_time":"4143.66","end_time":"4143.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4144.87","end_time":"4144.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"had"}],"start_time":"4144.93","end_time":"4145.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"4145.06","end_time":"4145.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"no"}],"start_time":"4145.399","end_time":"4145.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"4145.549","end_time":"4146.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4146.279","end_time":"4146.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4146.31","end_time":"4146.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"building"}],"start_time":"4146.83","end_time":"4147.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"4147.259","end_time":"4147.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4147.859","end_time":"4147.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4147.99","end_time":"4148.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4148.089","end_time":"4148.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4148.279","end_time":"4148.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4148.43","end_time":"4148.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4148.5","end_time":"4148.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4149.009","end_time":"4149.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4149.029","end_time":"4149.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.633","content":"UMA"}],"start_time":"4149.39","end_time":"4149.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4149.759","end_time":"4149.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4149.879","end_time":"4150.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4150.66","end_time":"4151.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4151.02","end_time":"4151.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4151.37","end_time":"4151.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4151.52","end_time":"4151.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"send"}],"start_time":"4151.709","end_time":"4151.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"him"}],"start_time":"4151.919","end_time":"4152.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"somewhere"}],"start_time":"4152.109","end_time":"4152.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4152.549","end_time":"4152.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4152.729","end_time":"4152.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"always"}],"start_time":"4152.839","end_time":"4153.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"4153.2","end_time":"4153.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Sometimes"}],"start_time":"4153.68","end_time":"4154.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4154.2","end_time":"4154.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"takes"}],"start_time":"4154.37","end_time":"4154.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"4154.549","end_time":"4154.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4154.68","end_time":"4154.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"4154.99","end_time":"4155.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"four"}],"start_time":"4155.279","end_time":"4155.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4155.43","end_time":"4155.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4155.669","end_time":"4155.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4155.79","end_time":"4155.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4155.95","end_time":"4156.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4156.109","end_time":"4156.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"rhythm"}],"start_time":"4156.149","end_time":"4156.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4156.56","end_time":"4156.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4156.689","end_time":"4156.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"little"}],"start_time":"4156.709","end_time":"4156.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"4156.97","end_time":"4157.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4157.069","end_time":"4157.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4158.128","end_time":"4159.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4159.088","end_time":"4159.318"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4159.329","end_time":"4159.438"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"4159.449","end_time":"4159.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"4159.738","end_time":"4160.128"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4160.139","end_time":"4160.188"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4160.199","end_time":"4160.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4160.318","end_time":"4160.548"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4160.559","end_time":"4160.608"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4160.619","end_time":"4160.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"4160.738","end_time":"4161.159"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"even"}],"start_time":"4161.168","end_time":"4161.639"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"though"}],"start_time":"4161.648","end_time":"4161.769"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.785","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"4161.778","end_time":"4161.909"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4161.918","end_time":"4162.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4162.088","end_time":"4162.128"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"director"}],"start_time":"4162.139","end_time":"4162.608"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"4162.619","end_time":"4162.898"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"though"}],"start_time":"4162.909","end_time":"4163.019"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4163.028","end_time":"4163.128"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4163.139","end_time":"4163.438"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"created"}],"start_time":"4163.449","end_time":"4163.758"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.726","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4163.769","end_time":"4163.789"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4163.798","end_time":"4164.298"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4164.488","end_time":"4164.958"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4164.969","end_time":"4164.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4164.988","end_time":"4165.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"4165.208","end_time":"4165.588"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4165.648","end_time":"4165.758"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4165.769","end_time":"4166.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.723","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4166.048","end_time":"4166.068"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4166.079","end_time":"4166.148"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4166.159","end_time":"4166.168"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"4166.179","end_time":"4166.418"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"4166.429","end_time":"4166.548"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"deeper"}],"start_time":"4166.559","end_time":"4166.918"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"into"}],"start_time":"4166.929","end_time":"4167.079"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"4167.088","end_time":"4167.269"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"4167.278","end_time":"4167.778"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expansion"}],"start_time":"4167.789","end_time":"4168.358"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"4168.369","end_time":"4168.719"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4168.729","end_time":"4169.199"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4169.289","end_time":"4169.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"now"}],"start_time":"4169.729","end_time":"4170.338"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"4170.659","end_time":"4171.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4171.148","end_time":"4171.318"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"4171.329","end_time":"4171.378"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"4171.389","end_time":"4171.719"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4171.729","end_time":"4172.278"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4172.519","end_time":"4172.708"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4172.719","end_time":"4172.849"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4172.858","end_time":"4172.958"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"4172.969","end_time":"4173.119"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4173.128","end_time":"4173.199"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"answer"}],"start_time":"4173.208","end_time":"4173.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"4173.438","end_time":"4173.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4173.568","end_time":"4173.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4173.738","end_time":"4174.039"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"own"}],"start_time":"4174.048","end_time":"4174.249"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"life's"}],"start_time":"4174.258","end_time":"4174.559"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learnings"}],"start_time":"4174.568","end_time":"4175.329"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4175.338","end_time":"4175.429"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"4175.438","end_time":"4175.619"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4175.628","end_time":"4175.688"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"4175.699","end_time":"4175.988"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4175.999","end_time":"4176.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4176.298","end_time":"4176.318"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"those"}],"start_time":"4176.389","end_time":"4176.588"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learnings"}],"start_time":"4176.599","end_time":"4177.188"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"4178.829","end_time":"4179.139"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4179.148","end_time":"4179.208"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4179.219","end_time":"4179.309"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"first"}],"start_time":"4179.318","end_time":"4179.668"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4179.679","end_time":"4179.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"outside"}],"start_time":"4179.988","end_time":"4180.289"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4180.298","end_time":"4180.378"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"4180.389","end_time":"4180.659"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4180.668","end_time":"4180.809"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expanded"}],"start_time":"4180.818","end_time":"4181.349"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4181.358","end_time":"4181.648"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4182.278","end_time":"4182.969"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"after"}],"start_time":"4182.979","end_time":"4183.588"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"4183.599","end_time":"4184.059"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4184.068","end_time":"4184.449"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4184.879","end_time":"4185.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4185.299","end_time":"4185.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4185.459","end_time":"4185.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"first"}],"start_time":"4185.5","end_time":"4185.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4185.7","end_time":"4185.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4186.49","end_time":"4186.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4186.87","end_time":"4187.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4187.319","end_time":"4187.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"4187.6","end_time":"4187.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4187.859","end_time":"4187.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4187.899","end_time":"4188.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4188.39","end_time":"4188.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4188.589","end_time":"4188.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4188.99","end_time":"4189.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"4189.009","end_time":"4189.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4189.37","end_time":"4189.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.819","content":"report"}],"start_time":"4189.43","end_time":"4189.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4190.319","end_time":"4190.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4190.569","end_time":"4190.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Let"}],"start_time":"4190.72","end_time":"4190.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4190.91","end_time":"4190.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"reframe"}],"start_time":"4190.99","end_time":"4191.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"4191.379","end_time":"4191.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"question"}],"start_time":"4191.479","end_time":"4191.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"My"}],"start_time":"4191.83","end_time":"4192.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"point"}],"start_time":"4192.02","end_time":"4192.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4192.41","end_time":"4192.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4192.64","end_time":"4192.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"4192.79","end_time":"4192.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"4192.91","end_time":"4193.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4193.399","end_time":"4193.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4193.49","end_time":"4193.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"new"}],"start_time":"4193.509","end_time":"4193.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"region"}],"start_time":"4193.779","end_time":"4194.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4194.189","end_time":"4194.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"4194.29","end_time":"4194.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"4194.859","end_time":"4195.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4195.089","end_time":"4195.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4195.2","end_time":"4195.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"4195.299","end_time":"4195.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4195.72","end_time":"4196.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"4196.08","end_time":"4196.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4196.379","end_time":"4196.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4196.64","end_time":"4196.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"4196.87","end_time":"4197.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4197.43","end_time":"4197.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4198.109","end_time":"4198.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4198.459","end_time":"4198.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4198.689","end_time":"4198.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"4198.75","end_time":"4199.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4199.259","end_time":"4199.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4199.33","end_time":"4199.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4199.58","end_time":"4200.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"4200.399","end_time":"4200.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4200.729","end_time":"4200.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"am"}],"start_time":"4200.859","end_time":"4201.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"4201.009","end_time":"4201.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4201.379","end_time":"4201.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.607","content":"ODU"}],"start_time":"4201.68","end_time":"4201.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4201.91","end_time":"4202.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"management"}],"start_time":"4202.22","end_time":"4202.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4202.81","end_time":"4202.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4202.979","end_time":"4203.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4203.16","end_time":"4203.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4203.25","end_time":"4203.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4203.43","end_time":"4203.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"set"}],"start_time":"4203.45","end_time":"4203.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4203.649","end_time":"4203.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"protocols"}],"start_time":"4203.77","end_time":"4204.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4204.33","end_time":"4204.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4204.45","end_time":"4204.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4204.609","end_time":"4204.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4204.709","end_time":"4204.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4204.89","end_time":"4205.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4205.009","end_time":"4205.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4205.229","end_time":"4205.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"you'll"}],"start_time":"4205.93","end_time":"4206.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4206.2","end_time":"4206.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4206.379","end_time":"4206.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"follow"}],"start_time":"4206.479","end_time":"4206.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"these"}],"start_time":"4206.799","end_time":"4206.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4206.99","end_time":"4207.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cultural"}],"start_time":"4207.33","end_time":"4207.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"rules"}],"start_time":"4207.74","end_time":"4208.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4208.58","end_time":"4208.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4208.819","end_time":"4209.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"4209.009","end_time":"4209.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4209.49","end_time":"4209.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"change"}],"start_time":"4209.64","end_time":"4209.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4209.95","end_time":"4210.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4210.049","end_time":"4210.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4210.234","end_time":"4210.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"operate"}],"start_time":"4210.424","end_time":"4210.854"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4210.865","end_time":"4211.004"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"4211.015","end_time":"4211.575"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"might"}],"start_time":"4211.584","end_time":"4211.774"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"change"}],"start_time":"4211.785","end_time":"4212.334"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4212.834","end_time":"4213.075"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4213.084","end_time":"4213.154"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.746","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4213.165","end_time":"4213.354"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.623","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4213.365","end_time":"4213.444"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4213.455","end_time":"4213.495"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4213.504","end_time":"4213.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4213.794","end_time":"4213.935"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"4213.944","end_time":"4214.365"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"4214.375","end_time":"4214.625"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4214.634","end_time":"4214.734"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4214.745","end_time":"4214.814"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"constant"}],"start_time":"4214.825","end_time":"4215.354"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"4215.365","end_time":"4215.584"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"4215.595","end_time":"4215.705"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4215.714","end_time":"4215.774"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4215.785","end_time":"4215.854"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"variable"}],"start_time":"4215.865","end_time":"4216.285"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"4216.294","end_time":"4216.694"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4216.705","end_time":"4217.024"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4217.035","end_time":"4217.185"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4217.345","end_time":"4217.814"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4217.825","end_time":"4218.064"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4218.075","end_time":"4218.205"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4218.214","end_time":"4218.584"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4218.595","end_time":"4218.654"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"constant"}],"start_time":"4218.665","end_time":"4219.375"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"The"}],"start_time":"4219.564","end_time":"4219.734"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4219.745","end_time":"4219.984"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4219.995","end_time":"4220.104"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"deliver"}],"start_time":"4220.115","end_time":"4220.535"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4220.544","end_time":"4220.584"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"service"}],"start_time":"4220.595","end_time":"4220.955"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4220.964","end_time":"4221.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4221.064","end_time":"4221.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4221.154","end_time":"4221.165"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"methodology"}],"start_time":"4221.174","end_time":"4222.185"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4222.325","end_time":"4222.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"implement"}],"start_time":"4222.524","end_time":"4222.955"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.731","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4222.964","end_time":"4222.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"4223.004","end_time":"4223.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4223.424","end_time":"4223.535"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"train"}],"start_time":"4223.544","end_time":"4223.854"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"him"}],"start_time":"4223.865","end_time":"4224.154"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4224.165","end_time":"4224.694"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"import"}],"start_time":"4224.754","end_time":"4225.205"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"his"}],"start_time":"4225.214","end_time":"4225.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"data"}],"start_time":"4225.334","end_time":"4225.854"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4226.084","end_time":"4226.915"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4227.145","end_time":"4227.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4227.305","end_time":"4227.475"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4227.484","end_time":"4227.645"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"4227.654","end_time":"4227.975"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"which"}],"start_time":"4227.984","end_time":"4228.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4228.305","end_time":"4228.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4228.384","end_time":"4228.604"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"product"}],"start_time":"4228.615","end_time":"4229.035"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"focused"}],"start_time":"4229.044","end_time":"4229.665"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4229.754","end_time":"4230.575"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"4230.584","end_time":"4230.944"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4230.955","end_time":"4231.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"4231.064","end_time":"4231.455"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4231.464","end_time":"4231.694"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4231.705","end_time":"4232.084"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4232.095","end_time":"4232.185"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.699","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4232.194","end_time":"4232.245"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"pain"}],"start_time":"4232.254","end_time":"4232.504"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"points"}],"start_time":"4232.515","end_time":"4232.825"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4232.834","end_time":"4232.964"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4232.975","end_time":"4233.205"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"create"}],"start_time":"4233.214","end_time":"4233.535"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"demonstration"}],"start_time":"4233.544","end_time":"4234.234"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"based"}],"start_time":"4234.245","end_time":"4234.424"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4234.435","end_time":"4234.555"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4234.564","end_time":"4234.705"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4234.714","end_time":"4235.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4235.064","end_time":"4235.225"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4235.234","end_time":"4235.495"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4236.16","end_time":"4237.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"4237.39","end_time":"4238.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"4238.029","end_time":"4238.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"4238.37","end_time":"4238.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4238.879","end_time":"4238.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"local"}],"start_time":"4238.99","end_time":"4239.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4239.819","end_time":"4240.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4240.22","end_time":"4240.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4240.52","end_time":"4240.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"interact"}],"start_time":"4240.669","end_time":"4241.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4241.149","end_time":"4241.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4241.31","end_time":"4241.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4241.919","end_time":"4242.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4242.109","end_time":"4242.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"party"}],"start_time":"4242.22","end_time":"4242.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"4242.569","end_time":"4243.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.782","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4243.589","end_time":"4243.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4243.939","end_time":"4244.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4244.589","end_time":"4244.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4244.919","end_time":"4245.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"salary"}],"start_time":"4245.1","end_time":"4245.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"structure"}],"start_time":"4245.459","end_time":"4246.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4246.479","end_time":"4246.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"4246.689","end_time":"4246.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4246.95","end_time":"4247.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4247.029","end_time":"4247.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4247.37","end_time":"4247.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4247.52","end_time":"4247.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"rest"}],"start_time":"4247.64","end_time":"4248.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4248.08","end_time":"4248.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4248.1","end_time":"4248.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4248.47","end_time":"4248.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"majority"}],"start_time":"4248.589","end_time":"4249.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4249.109","end_time":"4249.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4249.259","end_time":"4249.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4250.089","end_time":"4250.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"part"}],"start_time":"4250.33","end_time":"4250.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.632","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4250.709","end_time":"4250.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4250.919","end_time":"4251.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"procedures"}],"start_time":"4251.069","end_time":"4251.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4251.77","end_time":"4251.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4251.919","end_time":"4252.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4252.129","end_time":"4252.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"new"}],"start_time":"4252.149","end_time":"4252.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4252.299","end_time":"4252.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"A"}],"start_time":"4252.669","end_time":"4252.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9095","content":"re"}],"start_time":"4252.689","end_time":"4252.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4252.779","end_time":"4252.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.766","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4252.95","end_time":"4253.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4253.1","end_time":"4253.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4253.229","end_time":"4253.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4253.47","end_time":"4253.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"Marketing"}],"start_time":"4253.87","end_time":"4254.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"4255.04","end_time":"4255.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4255.589","end_time":"4255.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"basically"}],"start_time":"4255.669","end_time":"4256.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4256.08","end_time":"4256.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.699","content":"sa"}],"start_time":"4256.27","end_time":"4256.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4256.379","end_time":"4256.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4256.41","end_time":"4256.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4256.62","end_time":"4256.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"variants"}],"start_time":"4256.799","end_time":"4257.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4257.899","end_time":"4258.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4258.709","end_time":"4259.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.643","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4259.959","end_time":"4260.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4260.02","end_time":"4260.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"4260.1","end_time":"4260.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4260.529","end_time":"4260.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4260.669","end_time":"4260.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4260.839","end_time":"4260.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"4260.859","end_time":"4261.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4261.47","end_time":"4261.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4262.109","end_time":"4262.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4262.43","end_time":"4262.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"events"}],"start_time":"4262.56","end_time":"4263.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4263.1","end_time":"4263.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4263.12","end_time":"4263.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4263.939","end_time":"4264.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4264.009","end_time":"4264.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4264.529","end_time":"4264.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4264.649","end_time":"4264.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"500"}],"start_time":"4264.77","end_time":"4265.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"events"}],"start_time":"4265.419","end_time":"4265.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"physical"}],"start_time":"4265.81","end_time":"4266.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"events"}],"start_time":"4266.47","end_time":"4266.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.54","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4266.839","end_time":"4266.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8995","content":"500"}],"start_time":"4266.859","end_time":"4267.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"4267.77","end_time":"4267.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"year"}],"start_time":"4267.919","end_time":"4268.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4268.47","end_time":"4268.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"two"}],"start_time":"4268.689","end_time":"4268.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"4268.839","end_time":"4268.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"day"}],"start_time":"4268.97","end_time":"4269.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"4269.2","end_time":"4269.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"4269.41","end_time":"4269.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"less"}],"start_time":"4269.439","end_time":"4269.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4270.04","end_time":"4270.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4271.839","end_time":"4272.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4272.339","end_time":"4272.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4272.629","end_time":"4272.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4272.75","end_time":"4272.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4272.939","end_time":"4272.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4272.99","end_time":"4273.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4273.149","end_time":"4273.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It"}],"start_time":"4273.47","end_time":"4273.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"works"}],"start_time":"4273.54","end_time":"4273.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4273.819","end_time":"4273.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"many"}],"start_time":"4273.919","end_time":"4274.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"4274.109","end_time":"4274.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4274.959","end_time":"4275.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4275.37","end_time":"4275.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4275.47","end_time":"4275.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4275.58","end_time":"4275.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"level"}],"start_time":"4275.79","end_time":"4276.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4276.04","end_time":"4276.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"success"}],"start_time":"4276.169","end_time":"4276.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4276.74","end_time":"4276.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4276.779","end_time":"4277.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Mexico"}],"start_time":"4277.39","end_time":"4277.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4277.899","end_time":"4278.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"successful"}],"start_time":"4278.209","end_time":"4278.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Us"}],"start_time":"4279.16","end_time":"4279.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4279.64","end_time":"4279.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4279.819","end_time":"4279.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"low"}],"start_time":"4279.919","end_time":"4280.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"attendance"}],"start_time":"4280.14","end_time":"4280.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4280.83","end_time":"4281.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"high"}],"start_time":"4281.04","end_time":"4281.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"4281.22","end_time":"4281.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4281.569","end_time":"4281.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4281.91","end_time":"4282.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4282.029","end_time":"4282.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"4282.25","end_time":"4282.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4282.669","end_time":"4282.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4282.97","end_time":"4283.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"approach"}],"start_time":"4283.24","end_time":"4283.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4284.279","end_time":"4284.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Then"}],"start_time":"4284.299","end_time":"4284.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4284.729","end_time":"4284.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4284.81","end_time":"4284.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"online"}],"start_time":"4284.979","end_time":"4285.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"4285.37","end_time":"4285.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Google"}],"start_time":"4285.95","end_time":"4286.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ads"}],"start_time":"4286.47","end_time":"4286.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4286.75","end_time":"4286.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4286.879","end_time":"4286.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4286.979","end_time":"4287.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Same"}],"start_time":"4287.25","end_time":"4287.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4287.62","end_time":"4287.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4287.7","end_time":"4287.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4287.87","end_time":"4288.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4288.79","end_time":"4289.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4289.549","end_time":"4289.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4289.83","end_time":"4289.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"4289.979","end_time":"4290.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"working"}],"start_time":"4290.79","end_time":"4291.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4291.39","end_time":"4291.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4291.79","end_time":"4292.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4292.04","end_time":"4292.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4292.12","end_time":"4292.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"4292.419","end_time":"4292.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4292.979","end_time":"4292.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4293.0","end_time":"4293.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4293.339","end_time":"4293.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"teachers"}],"start_time":"4293.589","end_time":"4294.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4294.35","end_time":"4294.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"universities"}],"start_time":"4294.45","end_time":"4295.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"4295.009","end_time":"4295.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"use"}],"start_time":"4295.43","end_time":"4295.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"4295.799","end_time":"4295.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"4295.83","end_time":"4296.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4296.43","end_time":"4296.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"teach"}],"start_time":"4296.72","end_time":"4297.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.726","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"4297.319","end_time":"4297.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"CRM"}],"start_time":"4297.709","end_time":"4298.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"4298.16","end_time":"4298.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4298.83","end_time":"4299.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4299.129","end_time":"4299.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"free"}],"start_time":"4299.24","end_time":"4299.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4300.109","end_time":"4300.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4300.56","end_time":"4300.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4300.95","end_time":"4301.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4301.379","end_time":"4301.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4301.79","end_time":"4301.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4301.81","end_time":"4301.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4301.979","end_time":"4302.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"schools"}],"start_time":"4302.22","end_time":"4302.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4302.75","end_time":"4302.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"teachers"}],"start_time":"4302.839","end_time":"4303.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.706","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4303.14","end_time":"4303.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"university"}],"start_time":"4303.2","end_time":"4303.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4303.89","end_time":"4304.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"works"}],"start_time":"4304.12","end_time":"4304.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4304.41","end_time":"4304.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4304.459","end_time":"4304.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4304.629","end_time":"4305.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4305.49","end_time":"4306.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"90%"}],"start_time":"4306.02","end_time":"4306.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4306.819","end_time":"4306.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4306.93","end_time":"4306.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"4306.979","end_time":"4307.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4307.66","end_time":"4308.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4308.12","end_time":"4308.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4309.459","end_time":"4309.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4309.629","end_time":"4309.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4309.99","end_time":"4310.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4310.259","end_time":"4310.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4310.43","end_time":"4310.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4311.049","end_time":"4311.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4311.299","end_time":"4311.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4311.379","end_time":"4311.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4311.459","end_time":"4311.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"slight"}],"start_time":"4311.66","end_time":"4311.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"4311.87","end_time":"4312.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4312.279","end_time":"4312.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4312.479","end_time":"4312.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"explained"}],"start_time":"4312.5","end_time":"4312.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4312.99","end_time":"4313.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"order"}],"start_time":"4313.049","end_time":"4313.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4313.259","end_time":"4313.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"4313.379","end_time":"4313.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4313.729","end_time":"4313.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"events"}],"start_time":"4313.83","end_time":"4314.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4314.629","end_time":"4314.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4314.939","end_time":"4315.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4315.2","end_time":"4315.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.523","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4315.49","end_time":"4315.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"linkedin"}],"start_time":"4315.509","end_time":"4315.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ads"}],"start_time":"4315.939","end_time":"4316.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"email"}],"start_time":"4316.5","end_time":"4317.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ads"}],"start_time":"4317.02","end_time":"4317.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4317.79","end_time":"4318.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Facebook"}],"start_time":"4318.14","end_time":"4318.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ads"}],"start_time":"4318.879","end_time":"4319.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mass"}],"start_time":"4319.149","end_time":"4319.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mailing"}],"start_time":"4319.399","end_time":"4319.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4319.75","end_time":"4319.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4319.859","end_time":"4319.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4319.959","end_time":"4320.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Worked"}],"start_time":"4320.299","end_time":"4320.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"well"}],"start_time":"4320.74","end_time":"4321.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4321.14","end_time":"4321.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4321.399","end_time":"4321.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4321.77","end_time":"4321.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"4321.79","end_time":"4322.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4322.049","end_time":"4322.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"introduce"}],"start_time":"4322.16","end_time":"4322.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.774","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4322.68","end_time":"4323.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"whats"}],"start_time":"4323.129","end_time":"4323.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"4323.18","end_time":"4323.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4324.149","end_time":"4324.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4324.549","end_time":"4324.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"order"}],"start_time":"4324.64","end_time":"4324.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4324.85","end_time":"4324.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"remind"}],"start_time":"4324.979","end_time":"4325.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"attendees"}],"start_time":"4325.43","end_time":"4325.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4325.879","end_time":"4326.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4326.029","end_time":"4326.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"event"}],"start_time":"4326.109","end_time":"4326.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4326.39","end_time":"4326.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tomorrow"}],"start_time":"4326.5","end_time":"4327.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4327.339","end_time":"4327.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4327.479","end_time":"4327.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hour"}],"start_time":"4327.66","end_time":"4328.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4328.089","end_time":"4328.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4328.379","end_time":"4328.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4328.509","end_time":"4328.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"slight"}],"start_time":"4328.609","end_time":"4328.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"4328.83","end_time":"4329.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4329.229","end_time":"4329.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4329.419","end_time":"4329.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"10%"}],"start_time":"4329.58","end_time":"4330.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difference"}],"start_time":"4330.14","end_time":"4330.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4331.22","end_time":"4331.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"Your"}],"start_time":"4331.689","end_time":"4331.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"structure"}],"start_time":"4331.859","end_time":"4332.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"effectively"}],"start_time":"4332.379","end_time":"4333.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"remains"}],"start_time":"4333.089","end_time":"4333.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4333.459","end_time":"4333.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4333.58","end_time":"4333.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4333.99","end_time":"4334.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4334.45","end_time":"4334.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4334.68","end_time":"4334.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"protocols"}],"start_time":"4334.759","end_time":"4335.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4336.49","end_time":"4336.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4336.75","end_time":"4336.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4336.979","end_time":"4337.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"4337.14","end_time":"4337.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4337.5","end_time":"4337.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"online"}],"start_time":"4337.91","end_time":"4338.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"4338.29","end_time":"4338.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4338.81","end_time":"4338.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"4338.939","end_time":"4339.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"globalized"}],"start_time":"4339.22","end_time":"4339.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4339.93","end_time":"4340.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4340.209","end_time":"4340.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"4340.39","end_time":"4340.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4340.52","end_time":"4340.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4340.939","end_time":"4341.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4341.089","end_time":"4341.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"person"}],"start_time":"4341.319","end_time":"4341.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4341.629","end_time":"4341.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"does"}],"start_time":"4341.729","end_time":"4341.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4341.97","end_time":"4342.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4342.109","end_time":"4342.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4342.2","end_time":"4342.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4343.14","end_time":"4343.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4343.39","end_time":"4343.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4343.54","end_time":"4343.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4344.709","end_time":"4345.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4345.569","end_time":"4346.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"What"}],"start_time":"4346.419","end_time":"4346.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4346.709","end_time":"4346.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"4346.81","end_time":"4347.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4347.29","end_time":"4347.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4347.649","end_time":"4347.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4347.93","end_time":"4348.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4348.209","end_time":"4348.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.691","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4348.729","end_time":"4348.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4348.85","end_time":"4348.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"4348.97","end_time":"4349.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"into"}],"start_time":"4349.54","end_time":"4349.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4350.16","end_time":"4350.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4351.939","end_time":"4352.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4352.209","end_time":"4352.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4352.339","end_time":"4352.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4352.89","end_time":"4353.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4353.18","end_time":"4354.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4354.479","end_time":"4354.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4354.5","end_time":"4354.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4354.839","end_time":"4354.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4354.89","end_time":"4354.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"4354.91","end_time":"4355.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"4355.259","end_time":"4355.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"4355.58","end_time":"4355.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"4355.62","end_time":"4355.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4355.89","end_time":"4356.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"4356.18","end_time":"4356.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4357.089","end_time":"4357.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4357.35","end_time":"4357.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4357.77","end_time":"4357.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"4357.93","end_time":"4358.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4358.33","end_time":"4358.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wouldn't"}],"start_time":"4358.35","end_time":"4358.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4358.709","end_time":"4358.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"able"}],"start_time":"4358.79","end_time":"4359.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4359.009","end_time":"4359.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4359.779","end_time":"4360.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4360.299","end_time":"4360.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4360.43","end_time":"4360.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4360.589","end_time":"4360.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4360.709","end_time":"4360.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"African"}],"start_time":"4360.83","end_time":"4361.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4361.66","end_time":"4361.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4361.859","end_time":"4362.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4362.069","end_time":"4362.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4362.2","end_time":"4362.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.714","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4362.549","end_time":"4362.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"first"}],"start_time":"4362.569","end_time":"4362.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4362.93","end_time":"4363.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4363.06","end_time":"4363.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4363.14","end_time":"4363.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4363.319","end_time":"4363.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"4363.52","end_time":"4363.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4364.12","end_time":"4364.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"between"}],"start_time":"4364.14","end_time":"4365.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4365.149","end_time":"4365.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"Maghreb"}],"start_time":"4365.25","end_time":"4365.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4365.79","end_time":"4365.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4365.97","end_time":"4366.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"s"}],"start_time":"4366.39","end_time":"4366.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4366.529","end_time":"4366.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.558","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4366.77","end_time":"4367.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4367.08","end_time":"4367.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4367.58","end_time":"4367.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4367.62","end_time":"4367.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4367.89","end_time":"4368.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4368.31","end_time":"4368.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4368.899","end_time":"4368.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.896","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4369.319","end_time":"4369.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4369.62","end_time":"4370.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Could"}],"start_time":"4370.29","end_time":"4370.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4370.629","end_time":"4370.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"take"}],"start_time":"4370.669","end_time":"4370.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4370.879","end_time":"4370.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"region"}],"start_time":"4370.899","end_time":"4371.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4371.33","end_time":"4371.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"West"}],"start_time":"4371.49","end_time":"4371.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"4371.819","end_time":"4372.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4372.25","end_time":"4372.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Nigeria"}],"start_time":"4372.37","end_time":"4372.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Cameroon"}],"start_time":"4372.959","end_time":"4373.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4373.919","end_time":"4374.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"opened"}],"start_time":"4374.209","end_time":"4374.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4374.56","end_time":"4374.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"Kenya"}],"start_time":"4374.609","end_time":"4375.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4375.08","end_time":"4375.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4375.27","end_time":"4375.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4375.54","end_time":"4375.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4375.7","end_time":"4375.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"an"}],"start_time":"4375.83","end_time":"4375.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"office"}],"start_time":"4375.919","end_time":"4376.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4376.14","end_time":"4376.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"Kenya"}],"start_time":"4376.189","end_time":"4376.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4377.25","end_time":"4377.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4377.839","end_time":"4378.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4378.54","end_time":"4379.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4380.009","end_time":"4380.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4380.25","end_time":"4380.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4380.359","end_time":"4380.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4380.47","end_time":"4380.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4380.589","end_time":"4380.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4380.7","end_time":"4381.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4381.08","end_time":"4381.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4381.25","end_time":"4381.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4381.419","end_time":"4381.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4381.5","end_time":"4381.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"African"}],"start_time":"4381.6","end_time":"4381.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4381.959","end_time":"4382.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4382.04","end_time":"4382.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4382.25","end_time":"4382.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"negotiate"}],"start_time":"4382.339","end_time":"4382.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4382.859","end_time":"4382.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4382.959","end_time":"4383.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4383.149","end_time":"4383.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"4383.29","end_time":"4383.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4384.109","end_time":"4384.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4384.399","end_time":"4384.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4384.629","end_time":"4384.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4384.95","end_time":"4385.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4385.359","end_time":"4385.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4385.54","end_time":"4385.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4385.729","end_time":"4385.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"4385.83","end_time":"4386.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4386.129","end_time":"4386.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4386.22","end_time":"4386.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4386.95","end_time":"4386.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4386.97","end_time":"4387.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"slower"}],"start_time":"4387.399","end_time":"4387.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4388.31","end_time":"4389.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"4389.12","end_time":"4389.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4389.299","end_time":"4389.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"difficulties"}],"start_time":"4389.419","end_time":"4389.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4389.879","end_time":"4389.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"4389.979","end_time":"4390.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4390.39","end_time":"4390.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4390.439","end_time":"4390.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"4390.629","end_time":"4390.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.36","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4390.939","end_time":"4391.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.846","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4391.02","end_time":"4391.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.503","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4391.22","end_time":"4391.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"code"}],"start_time":"4391.25","end_time":"4391.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4391.68","end_time":"4391.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.64","content":"co"}],"start_time":"4391.759","end_time":"4391.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.726","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4391.91","end_time":"4392.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.846","content":"co"}],"start_time":"4392.06","end_time":"4392.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4392.339","end_time":"4392.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4392.439","end_time":"4392.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"4392.609","end_time":"4393.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4393.709","end_time":"4394.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"4394.859","end_time":"4395.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"4395.419","end_time":"4395.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"here"}],"start_time":"4395.91","end_time":"4396.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4396.02","end_time":"4396.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4396.5","end_time":"4397.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4397.029","end_time":"4397.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4397.1","end_time":"4397.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.481","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"4397.459","end_time":"4397.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4397.66","end_time":"4397.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"African"}],"start_time":"4397.879","end_time":"4398.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4398.22","end_time":"4398.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4398.35","end_time":"4398.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4398.729","end_time":"4398.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4398.859","end_time":"4399.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4399.06","end_time":"4399.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4400.479","end_time":"4400.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"culturally"}],"start_time":"4400.669","end_time":"4401.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4401.29","end_time":"4401.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4401.31","end_time":"4401.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"place"}],"start_time":"4401.759","end_time":"4402.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4402.08","end_time":"4402.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"enter"}],"start_time":"4402.22","end_time":"4402.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4402.91","end_time":"4403.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"4403.629","end_time":"4403.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4403.95","end_time":"4404.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"foreigners"}],"start_time":"4404.209","end_time":"4405.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"For"}],"start_time":"4405.359","end_time":"4405.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigners"}],"start_time":"4405.7","end_time":"4406.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4406.31","end_time":"4406.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4406.43","end_time":"4406.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4406.709","end_time":"4407.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4407.149","end_time":"4407.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"4407.689","end_time":"4407.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4407.97","end_time":"4408.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"enter"}],"start_time":"4408.109","end_time":"4408.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4408.359","end_time":"4408.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4408.49","end_time":"4408.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"4408.54","end_time":"4409.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4409.31","end_time":"4409.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4409.609","end_time":"4410.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4410.54","end_time":"4410.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"opened"}],"start_time":"4410.66","end_time":"4411.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4411.1","end_time":"4411.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Kenyan"}],"start_time":"4411.189","end_time":"4411.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"office"}],"start_time":"4411.549","end_time":"4411.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4411.87","end_time":"4412.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"4412.04","end_time":"4412.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"African"}],"start_time":"4412.129","end_time":"4412.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"4412.54","end_time":"4412.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4412.83","end_time":"4412.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.601","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4412.99","end_time":"4413.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4413.029","end_time":"4413.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4413.35","end_time":"4413.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4413.839","end_time":"4413.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"4413.95","end_time":"4414.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"since"}],"start_time":"4414.279","end_time":"4414.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4414.5","end_time":"4414.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"4414.52","end_time":"4414.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4414.7","end_time":"4414.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4414.959","end_time":"4415.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4415.049","end_time":"4415.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.742","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4415.08","end_time":"4415.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"4415.189","end_time":"4415.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4415.419","end_time":"4415.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"4415.62","end_time":"4415.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4415.689","end_time":"4416.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4416.37","end_time":"4416.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.536","content":"he"}],"start_time":"4416.859","end_time":"4417.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"went"}],"start_time":"4417.24","end_time":"4417.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4417.939","end_time":"4417.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.81","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4418.16","end_time":"4418.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4418.379","end_time":"4418.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"4418.549","end_time":"4418.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4418.899","end_time":"4419.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"well"}],"start_time":"4419.149","end_time":"4419.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4419.609","end_time":"4419.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4419.729","end_time":"4419.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"assume"}],"start_time":"4420.0","end_time":"4420.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"4420.39","end_time":"4420.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"true"}],"start_time":"4420.629","end_time":"4420.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4420.879","end_time":"4420.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"any"}],"start_time":"4420.979","end_time":"4421.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4421.189","end_time":"4421.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4421.509","end_time":"4421.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4421.589","end_time":"4421.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4421.62","end_time":"4421.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4421.74","end_time":"4421.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4421.99","end_time":"4422.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"local"}],"start_time":"4422.009","end_time":"4422.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"4422.54","end_time":"4423.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4423.169","end_time":"4423.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"help"}],"start_time":"4423.359","end_time":"4423.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4423.72","end_time":"4423.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"4423.97","end_time":"4424.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4424.27","end_time":"4424.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"4424.359","end_time":"4424.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"important"}],"start_time":"4424.62","end_time":"4425.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That"}],"start_time":"4425.37","end_time":"4425.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4425.68","end_time":"4426.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"course"}],"start_time":"4426.08","end_time":"4426.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4426.39","end_time":"4426.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"helps"}],"start_time":"4426.58","end_time":"4427.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4427.04","end_time":"4427.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4427.479","end_time":"4427.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"4427.52","end_time":"4428.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.57","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4428.16","end_time":"4428.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4428.189","end_time":"4428.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4428.29","end_time":"4428.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feeling"}],"start_time":"4428.39","end_time":"4428.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4428.689","end_time":"4428.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.818","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4428.79","end_time":"4428.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4428.85","end_time":"4429.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"4429.37","end_time":"4430.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4430.359","end_time":"4430.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"4430.49","end_time":"4430.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4430.799","end_time":"4430.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4430.819","end_time":"4430.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4430.89","end_time":"4430.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feeling"}],"start_time":"4430.959","end_time":"4431.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4431.209","end_time":"4431.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4431.419","end_time":"4431.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4431.439","end_time":"4432.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4432.759","end_time":"4433.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4433.729","end_time":"4434.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4434.41","end_time":"4434.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4434.45","end_time":"4435.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"What"}],"start_time":"4435.729","end_time":"4436.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4436.089","end_time":"4436.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4436.339","end_time":"4436.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"understood"}],"start_time":"4436.39","end_time":"4436.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4436.879","end_time":"4437.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"SNS"}],"start_time":"4437.299","end_time":"4437.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4437.839","end_time":"4438.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"example"}],"start_time":"4438.04","end_time":"4438.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4438.879","end_time":"4439.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4439.56","end_time":"4439.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4440.0","end_time":"4440.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4440.12","end_time":"4440.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4440.549","end_time":"4440.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4440.669","end_time":"4440.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4440.689","end_time":"4440.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4440.839","end_time":"4440.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"4440.939","end_time":"4441.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4441.359","end_time":"4441.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4441.72","end_time":"4441.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4441.759","end_time":"4441.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4441.879","end_time":"4442.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"travel"}],"start_time":"4442.379","end_time":"4442.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4442.609","end_time":"4442.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4442.72","end_time":"4443.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4443.049","end_time":"4443.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4444.029","end_time":"4444.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4445.709","end_time":"4446.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.832","content":"Kenyans"}],"start_time":"4446.7","end_time":"4447.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4447.459","end_time":"4447.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"great"}],"start_time":"4447.66","end_time":"4448.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4448.049","end_time":"4448.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"less"}],"start_time":"4448.359","end_time":"4449.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4449.089","end_time":"4449.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4449.359","end_time":"4449.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"less"}],"start_time":"4449.47","end_time":"4450.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4450.169","end_time":"4450.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"corruption"}],"start_time":"4451.56","end_time":"4452.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"4452.209","end_time":"4452.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4452.419","end_time":"4452.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4452.509","end_time":"4452.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4452.72","end_time":"4452.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"4452.899","end_time":"4453.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4453.31","end_time":"4453.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4453.93","end_time":"4453.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Congo"}],"start_time":"4453.95","end_time":"4454.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4454.49","end_time":"4454.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"4454.609","end_time":"4455.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4455.359","end_time":"4455.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"4455.509","end_time":"4456.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4456.049","end_time":"4456.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"extreme"}],"start_time":"4456.109","end_time":"4456.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4456.939","end_time":"4457.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"4457.709","end_time":"4458.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4458.129","end_time":"4458.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4458.189","end_time":"4458.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4458.56","end_time":"4458.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4458.66","end_time":"4458.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4458.68","end_time":"4458.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.844","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4458.95","end_time":"4458.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4458.97","end_time":"4459.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4459.359","end_time":"4459.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4460.14","end_time":"4461.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4461.43","end_time":"4461.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4461.729","end_time":"4461.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4461.85","end_time":"4461.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4461.87","end_time":"4462.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4462.1","end_time":"4462.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4462.509","end_time":"4463.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"4463.229","end_time":"4463.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4463.879","end_time":"4463.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"businessmen"}],"start_time":"4463.979","end_time":"4464.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4464.99","end_time":"4465.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4465.339","end_time":"4465.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4465.6","end_time":"4465.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"felt"}],"start_time":"4465.62","end_time":"4465.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4465.959","end_time":"4466.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4466.069","end_time":"4466.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4466.39","end_time":"4466.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4466.7","end_time":"4466.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"slower"}],"start_time":"4466.83","end_time":"4467.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4467.759","end_time":"4467.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4467.91","end_time":"4468.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4468.229","end_time":"4468.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4468.49","end_time":"4468.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"4468.549","end_time":"4468.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4468.859","end_time":"4468.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4468.979","end_time":"4469.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feeling"}],"start_time":"4469.04","end_time":"4469.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4469.33","end_time":"4469.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4469.43","end_time":"4469.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"4469.49","end_time":"4469.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4469.85","end_time":"4469.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sign"}],"start_time":"4469.979","end_time":"4470.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"tomorrow"}],"start_time":"4470.169","end_time":"4470.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4470.7","end_time":"4471.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.681","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4471.169","end_time":"4471.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4471.2","end_time":"4471.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4471.799","end_time":"4471.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"4472.0","end_time":"4472.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4472.669","end_time":"4472.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4472.89","end_time":"4472.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4473.0","end_time":"4473.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4473.02","end_time":"4473.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ok"}],"start_time":"4473.279","end_time":"4473.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.698","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"4473.459","end_time":"4473.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.757","content":"sign"}],"start_time":"4473.589","end_time":"4473.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.517","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4473.779","end_time":"4473.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4473.85","end_time":"4473.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.744","content":"month"}],"start_time":"4474.0","end_time":"4474.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It"}],"start_time":"4474.129","end_time":"4474.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"4474.25","end_time":"4474.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4474.79","end_time":"4475.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4475.5","end_time":"4475.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.646","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4475.569","end_time":"4475.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4475.85","end_time":"4476.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4476.25","end_time":"4476.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4476.27","end_time":"4476.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4476.6","end_time":"4476.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4476.629","end_time":"4476.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4476.75","end_time":"4476.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4476.859","end_time":"4477.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4477.08","end_time":"4477.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4477.12","end_time":"4477.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4477.41","end_time":"4477.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4477.879","end_time":"4478.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4478.229","end_time":"4478.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4478.49","end_time":"4478.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"process"}],"start_time":"4478.589","end_time":"4478.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That"}],"start_time":"4478.979","end_time":"4479.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4479.16","end_time":"4479.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4479.229","end_time":"4479.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4479.439","end_time":"4479.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4479.629","end_time":"4480.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4480.209","end_time":"4480.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4480.229","end_time":"4480.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4480.85","end_time":"4480.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.651","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4481.0","end_time":"4481.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4481.069","end_time":"4481.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4481.49","end_time":"4481.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"catch"}],"start_time":"4481.529","end_time":"4481.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"4481.87","end_time":"4482.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4482.14","end_time":"4482.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4482.24","end_time":"4482.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4482.279","end_time":"4482.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4482.5","end_time":"4482.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"slow"}],"start_time":"4482.569","end_time":"4483.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4483.45","end_time":"4485.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"4485.31","end_time":"4485.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"idea"}],"start_time":"4485.509","end_time":"4485.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4485.87","end_time":"4485.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.868","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4485.91","end_time":"4486.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4486.259","end_time":"4486.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.821","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4486.35","end_time":"4486.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.551","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4486.439","end_time":"4486.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.747","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4486.939","end_time":"4487.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4487.529","end_time":"4487.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4487.709","end_time":"4487.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"4487.899","end_time":"4488.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4488.399","end_time":"4488.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4488.54","end_time":"4488.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4488.66","end_time":"4488.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4488.74","end_time":"4489.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4489.419","end_time":"4489.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4489.64","end_time":"4490.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"4490.069","end_time":"4490.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4490.609","end_time":"4490.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4490.75","end_time":"4491.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"answered"}],"start_time":"4491.029","end_time":"4491.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"yet"}],"start_time":"4491.479","end_time":"4491.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4491.879","end_time":"4492.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.344","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4492.229","end_time":"4492.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4492.339","end_time":"4492.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4492.459","end_time":"4492.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"4492.54","end_time":"4492.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"4493.72","end_time":"4493.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4493.95","end_time":"4494.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"actively"}],"start_time":"4494.009","end_time":"4494.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"4494.47","end_time":"4494.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4494.81","end_time":"4494.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"African"}],"start_time":"4494.85","end_time":"4495.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"markets"}],"start_time":"4495.419","end_time":"4495.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4495.819","end_time":"4495.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4495.959","end_time":"4495.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"place"}],"start_time":"4495.979","end_time":"4496.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4496.299","end_time":"4496.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"4496.379","end_time":"4496.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4496.919","end_time":"4497.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4497.08","end_time":"4497.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4497.339","end_time":"4497.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.537","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"4497.39","end_time":"4497.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"4498.169","end_time":"4498.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4498.31","end_time":"4498.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"news"}],"start_time":"4498.439","end_time":"4498.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4498.95","end_time":"4499.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4499.72","end_time":"4500.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4500.12","end_time":"4500.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4500.37","end_time":"4500.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4500.54","end_time":"4500.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4500.669","end_time":"4500.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.535","content":"my"}],"start_time":"4501.33","end_time":"4501.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.717","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4501.689","end_time":"4501.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4501.79","end_time":"4502.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4502.14","end_time":"4502.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4502.609","end_time":"4502.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4502.779","end_time":"4502.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4503.33","end_time":"4503.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4503.629","end_time":"4503.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4503.649","end_time":"4504.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4504.069","end_time":"4504.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4504.2","end_time":"4504.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"involved"}],"start_time":"4504.399","end_time":"4504.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4504.919","end_time":"4505.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"4505.06","end_time":"4505.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4505.439","end_time":"4505.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Africa"}],"start_time":"4505.509","end_time":"4505.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4505.919","end_time":"4505.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"let"}],"start_time":"4505.939","end_time":"4506.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"4506.14","end_time":"4506.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4506.31","end_time":"4506.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4506.589","end_time":"4506.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4507.009","end_time":"4507.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.466","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4507.029","end_time":"4507.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"4507.14","end_time":"4507.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"watch"}],"start_time":"4507.39","end_time":"4507.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"out"}],"start_time":"4507.759","end_time":"4507.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4507.79","end_time":"4507.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4507.95","end_time":"4508.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4508.049","end_time":"4508.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Could"}],"start_time":"4508.319","end_time":"4508.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4508.66","end_time":"4508.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"name"}],"start_time":"4508.709","end_time":"4508.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4508.959","end_time":"4509.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"4509.089","end_time":"4509.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4509.669","end_time":"4509.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4509.979","end_time":"4510.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"team"}],"start_time":"4510.35","end_time":"4510.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4510.62","end_time":"4510.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"4510.709","end_time":"4510.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"into"}],"start_time":"4511.0","end_time":"4511.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"No"}],"start_time":"4512.029","end_time":"4512.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4512.5","end_time":"4512.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4512.899","end_time":"4512.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"4512.939","end_time":"4513.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4513.339","end_time":"4513.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"funny"}],"start_time":"4513.359","end_time":"4513.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"4513.6","end_time":"4513.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"4513.74","end_time":"4513.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4513.919","end_time":"4513.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ask"}],"start_time":"4514.0","end_time":"4514.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4514.279","end_time":"4514.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4514.39","end_time":"4514.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4514.58","end_time":"4514.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4514.66","end_time":"4514.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"future"}],"start_time":"4514.75","end_time":"4515.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"4515.14","end_time":"4515.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4515.629","end_time":"4515.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4515.799","end_time":"4516.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4516.029","end_time":"4516.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4516.2","end_time":"4516.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4516.649","end_time":"4516.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"4516.95","end_time":"4517.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4517.399","end_time":"4517.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"last"}],"start_time":"4517.58","end_time":"4518.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"year"}],"start_time":"4518.22","end_time":"4518.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4518.339","end_time":"4518.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opened"}],"start_time":"4518.49","end_time":"4518.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4518.959","end_time":"4518.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"five"}],"start_time":"4518.979","end_time":"4519.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"4519.609","end_time":"4519.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4519.93","end_time":"4519.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4519.95","end_time":"4520.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4520.79","end_time":"4521.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4521.08","end_time":"4521.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"4521.259","end_time":"4521.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"answer"}],"start_time":"4521.779","end_time":"4522.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4522.7","end_time":"4523.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.735","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4523.419","end_time":"4523.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4523.72","end_time":"4524.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"targeting"}],"start_time":"4524.209","end_time":"4524.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4524.6","end_time":"4524.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4524.959","end_time":"4525.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"searching"}],"start_time":"4525.22","end_time":"4525.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4525.859","end_time":"4526.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4526.02","end_time":"4526.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4527.24","end_time":"4527.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4527.58","end_time":"4527.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4527.75","end_time":"4527.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4527.95","end_time":"4528.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"only"}],"start_time":"4528.149","end_time":"4528.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4528.319","end_time":"4528.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4528.459","end_time":"4528.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4528.54","end_time":"4528.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4528.66","end_time":"4528.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4528.759","end_time":"4528.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4528.95","end_time":"4528.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"4528.97","end_time":"4529.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4529.24","end_time":"4529.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4529.31","end_time":"4529.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"4529.399","end_time":"4529.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4529.609","end_time":"4529.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"4529.669","end_time":"4529.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"4529.899","end_time":"4530.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4530.549","end_time":"4530.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4530.729","end_time":"4530.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4530.959","end_time":"4530.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"found"}],"start_time":"4530.979","end_time":"4531.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4531.27","end_time":"4531.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4531.459","end_time":"4531.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"already"}],"start_time":"4531.56","end_time":"4531.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"created"}],"start_time":"4531.919","end_time":"4532.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"something"}],"start_time":"4532.339","end_time":"4532.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4533.35","end_time":"4533.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4533.91","end_time":"4534.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4534.29","end_time":"4534.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4534.399","end_time":"4534.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4534.569","end_time":"4534.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4534.77","end_time":"4535.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4535.27","end_time":"4535.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4536.22","end_time":"4536.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4536.319","end_time":"4536.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"4536.569","end_time":"4536.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4536.689","end_time":"4536.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"another"}],"start_time":"4536.83","end_time":"4536.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4536.939","end_time":"4537.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"or"}],"start_time":"4537.62","end_time":"4538.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"internationalist"}],"start_time":"4538.47","end_time":"4538.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.584","content":"mansion"}],"start_time":"4539.04","end_time":"4539.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4539.379","end_time":"4539.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4539.549","end_time":"4539.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4539.75","end_time":"4539.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"strategy"}],"start_time":"4539.939","end_time":"4540.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4540.439","end_time":"4540.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4540.58","end_time":"4540.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"opportunism"}],"start_time":"4540.83","end_time":"4541.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4541.899","end_time":"4542.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4542.12","end_time":"4542.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4542.339","end_time":"4542.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"4542.509","end_time":"4542.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4542.77","end_time":"4542.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.554","content":"opportunity"}],"start_time":"4542.83","end_time":"4543.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4543.29","end_time":"4543.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4543.629","end_time":"4544.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"4544.299","end_time":"4544.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4544.87","end_time":"4545.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4545.049","end_time":"4545.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4545.229","end_time":"4545.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.604","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4545.359","end_time":"4545.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"create"}],"start_time":"4545.41","end_time":"4545.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4545.72","end_time":"4545.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4545.74","end_time":"4546.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4546.25","end_time":"4546.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"him"}],"start_time":"4546.35","end_time":"4546.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You've"}],"start_time":"4548.99","end_time":"4549.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"been"}],"start_time":"4549.25","end_time":"4549.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"almost"}],"start_time":"4549.379","end_time":"4549.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bankrupt"}],"start_time":"4549.689","end_time":"4550.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4550.37","end_time":"4550.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4550.47","end_time":"4550.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"point"}],"start_time":"4550.629","end_time":"4550.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4550.939","end_time":"4550.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4550.979","end_time":"4551.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"life"}],"start_time":"4551.12","end_time":"4551.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4551.379","end_time":"4551.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4551.49","end_time":"4551.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"few"}],"start_time":"4551.509","end_time":"4551.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4551.79","end_time":"4552.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4552.149","end_time":"4552.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"4552.43","end_time":"4552.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"4552.83","end_time":"4552.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4552.979","end_time":"4553.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4553.129","end_time":"4553.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4553.87","end_time":"4554.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"On"}],"start_time":"4555.02","end_time":"4555.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4555.279","end_time":"4555.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"4555.379","end_time":"4555.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4555.709","end_time":"4555.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4555.81","end_time":"4556.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"walk"}],"start_time":"4556.14","end_time":"4556.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4556.45","end_time":"4556.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"walk"}],"start_time":"4556.569","end_time":"4556.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4556.879","end_time":"4556.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4556.939","end_time":"4557.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"16"}],"start_time":"4557.27","end_time":"4557.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hours"}],"start_time":"4557.68","end_time":"4557.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4557.979","end_time":"4557.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"week"}],"start_time":"4558.0","end_time":"4558.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.401","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4558.54","end_time":"4558.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stress"}],"start_time":"4558.799","end_time":"4559.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4559.58","end_time":"4560.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4560.109","end_time":"4560.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4560.91","end_time":"4561.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4561.339","end_time":"4561.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4561.6","end_time":"4561.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4561.62","end_time":"4561.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"believe"}],"start_time":"4561.819","end_time":"4562.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4562.25","end_time":"4562.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4562.399","end_time":"4562.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.788","content":"O"}],"start_time":"4562.669","end_time":"4562.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.458","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4562.77","end_time":"4562.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4562.95","end_time":"4563.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4563.18","end_time":"4563.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4563.47","end_time":"4563.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"today"}],"start_time":"4563.77","end_time":"4564.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4564.41","end_time":"4564.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4564.64","end_time":"4565.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4565.009","end_time":"4565.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4565.12","end_time":"4565.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"period"}],"start_time":"4565.299","end_time":"4565.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"4566.259","end_time":"4566.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.774","content":"forced"}],"start_time":"4566.49","end_time":"4566.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4566.899","end_time":"4567.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4567.02","end_time":"4567.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4567.18","end_time":"4567.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"4567.439","end_time":"4568.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4568.06","end_time":"4568.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4568.22","end_time":"4568.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"4568.459","end_time":"4568.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"4568.77","end_time":"4569.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"stupidly"}],"start_time":"4569.299","end_time":"4570.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4570.299","end_time":"4570.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4570.669","end_time":"4570.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.63","content":"forced"}],"start_time":"4570.939","end_time":"4571.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4571.259","end_time":"4571.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4571.37","end_time":"4571.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4571.54","end_time":"4571.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4571.709","end_time":"4572.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4572.129","end_time":"4572.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4572.399","end_time":"4572.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4572.689","end_time":"4572.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"order"}],"start_time":"4572.77","end_time":"4573.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4573.02","end_time":"4573.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"survive"}],"start_time":"4573.459","end_time":"4574.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4574.839","end_time":"4575.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"4575.479","end_time":"4576.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4576.089","end_time":"4576.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4576.109","end_time":"4576.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"creates"}],"start_time":"4576.439","end_time":"4576.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4576.879","end_time":"4576.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4576.93","end_time":"4577.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"end"}],"start_time":"4577.029","end_time":"4577.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4577.24","end_time":"4577.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4577.259","end_time":"4577.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4577.649","end_time":"4577.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4577.799","end_time":"4577.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4577.93","end_time":"4578.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"4578.229","end_time":"4578.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4579.009","end_time":"4579.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4579.029","end_time":"4579.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.62","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4579.77","end_time":"4579.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4579.93","end_time":"4580.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4580.24","end_time":"4580.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"opposed"}],"start_time":"4580.52","end_time":"4580.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4581.0","end_time":"4581.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4581.259","end_time":"4581.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9073333333333333","content":"VCB"}],"start_time":"4581.279","end_time":"4581.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4582.45","end_time":"4582.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4582.569","end_time":"4583.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.723","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4583.39","end_time":"4583.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4583.479","end_time":"4583.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4583.62","end_time":"4583.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4583.64","end_time":"4583.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4583.83","end_time":"4583.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"4583.939","end_time":"4584.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.504","content":"They"}],"start_time":"4585.18","end_time":"4585.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4585.79","end_time":"4585.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4585.99","end_time":"4586.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"burn"}],"start_time":"4586.18","end_time":"4586.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.782","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4586.83","end_time":"4587.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4587.149","end_time":"4587.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4587.31","end_time":"4587.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"4587.79","end_time":"4588.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4588.58","end_time":"4588.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4588.87","end_time":"4588.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"make"}],"start_time":"4588.99","end_time":"4589.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4589.27","end_time":"4589.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4589.39","end_time":"4589.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.491","content":"inefficient"}],"start_time":"4589.43","end_time":"4589.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"4590.1","end_time":"4590.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4590.379","end_time":"4590.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4590.629","end_time":"4591.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"many"}],"start_time":"4591.149","end_time":"4591.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"4591.399","end_time":"4591.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"start"}],"start_time":"4591.68","end_time":"4592.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.264","content":"ups"}],"start_time":"4592.029","end_time":"4592.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4592.18","end_time":"4592.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"4592.319","end_time":"4593.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4593.169","end_time":"4593.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"try"}],"start_time":"4593.509","end_time":"4594.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"having"}],"start_time":"4594.009","end_time":"4594.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4594.279","end_time":"4594.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"bootstrap"}],"start_time":"4594.299","end_time":"4594.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.578","content":"phase"}],"start_time":"4594.919","end_time":"4595.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4595.18","end_time":"4595.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4595.27","end_time":"4595.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"long"}],"start_time":"4595.47","end_time":"4595.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4595.91","end_time":"4596.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"possible"}],"start_time":"4596.08","end_time":"4596.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"4596.589","end_time":"4596.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sets"}],"start_time":"4596.729","end_time":"4596.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4596.979","end_time":"4597.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.775","content":"bootstrapping"}],"start_time":"4597.12","end_time":"4597.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"4597.74","end_time":"4598.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4598.08","end_time":"4598.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4598.169","end_time":"4598.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4598.27","end_time":"4598.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4599.62","end_time":"4599.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4599.75","end_time":"4599.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"4599.939","end_time":"4600.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4600.16","end_time":"4600.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4600.229","end_time":"4600.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"super"}],"start_time":"4600.54","end_time":"4600.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"4600.799","end_time":"4601.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4601.66","end_time":"4601.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4601.93","end_time":"4602.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4602.049","end_time":"4602.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4602.12","end_time":"4602.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4602.52","end_time":"4603.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4603.009","end_time":"4603.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"4603.31","end_time":"4603.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"been"}],"start_time":"4603.5","end_time":"4603.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"close"}],"start_time":"4603.779","end_time":"4604.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4604.089","end_time":"4604.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bankruptcy"}],"start_time":"4604.169","end_time":"4604.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4604.629","end_time":"4604.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4604.759","end_time":"4604.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"4604.779","end_time":"4604.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4604.959","end_time":"4605.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4605.27","end_time":"4605.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4605.379","end_time":"4605.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"point"}],"start_time":"4605.45","end_time":"4605.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4605.81","end_time":"4605.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4605.919","end_time":"4606.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"paid"}],"start_time":"4606.049","end_time":"4606.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"salaries"}],"start_time":"4606.39","end_time":"4606.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"4606.77","end_time":"4607.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4607.08","end_time":"4607.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"4607.1","end_time":"4607.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"days"}],"start_time":"4607.319","end_time":"4607.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"late"}],"start_time":"4607.54","end_time":"4607.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4608.439","end_time":"4609.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4610.0","end_time":"4610.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4610.41","end_time":"4610.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4610.43","end_time":"4610.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4610.689","end_time":"4610.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4610.97","end_time":"4611.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4611.129","end_time":"4611.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"4611.22","end_time":"4611.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4612.02","end_time":"4612.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4613.43","end_time":"4613.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4613.77","end_time":"4614.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4614.129","end_time":"4614.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"4614.29","end_time":"4614.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4614.79","end_time":"4615.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4615.049","end_time":"4615.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"started"}],"start_time":"4615.069","end_time":"4615.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4615.49","end_time":"4615.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4615.62","end_time":"4615.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4615.779","end_time":"4615.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4615.799","end_time":"4616.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4616.009","end_time":"4616.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"4616.12","end_time":"4616.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4617.149","end_time":"4617.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4617.35","end_time":"4617.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4617.509","end_time":"4618.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4618.009","end_time":"4618.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4618.14","end_time":"4618.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4618.319","end_time":"4618.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4618.359","end_time":"4618.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"4618.68","end_time":"4619.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4619.66","end_time":"4620.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4620.209","end_time":"4620.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4620.33","end_time":"4620.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"4620.41","end_time":"4620.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4620.91","end_time":"4621.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"find"}],"start_time":"4621.02","end_time":"4621.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4621.319","end_time":"4621.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"motivation"}],"start_time":"4621.359","end_time":"4621.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"elsewhere"}],"start_time":"4621.97","end_time":"4622.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"4622.959","end_time":"4623.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4623.39","end_time":"4623.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4623.589","end_time":"4623.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"nobody"}],"start_time":"4623.97","end_time":"4624.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4624.5","end_time":"4624.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"4624.62","end_time":"4624.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4624.93","end_time":"4625.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4625.209","end_time":"4625.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4625.81","end_time":"4626.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4626.209","end_time":"4626.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4626.33","end_time":"4626.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"purpose"}],"start_time":"4626.45","end_time":"4626.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4626.99","end_time":"4627.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"should"}],"start_time":"4627.259","end_time":"4627.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4627.569","end_time":"4627.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4627.669","end_time":"4628.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4628.39","end_time":"4628.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"4628.609","end_time":"4628.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4628.759","end_time":"4629.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"4629.06","end_time":"4629.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"4629.229","end_time":"4629.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4629.549","end_time":"4629.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"survive"}],"start_time":"4629.649","end_time":"4630.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"survive"}],"start_time":"4630.08","end_time":"4630.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"survive"}],"start_time":"4630.47","end_time":"4631.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"serve"}],"start_time":"4631.22","end_time":"4631.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.775","content":"client"}],"start_time":"4631.7","end_time":"4632.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4632.049","end_time":"4632.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"money"}],"start_time":"4632.25","end_time":"4632.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.581","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4632.58","end_time":"4632.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.825","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4632.939","end_time":"4633.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4633.049","end_time":"4633.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"4633.2","end_time":"4633.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4633.35","end_time":"4633.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4633.459","end_time":"4633.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"focused"}],"start_time":"4633.72","end_time":"4634.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4634.029","end_time":"4634.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"surviving"}],"start_time":"4634.189","end_time":"4634.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4634.64","end_time":"4634.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.634","content":"we're"}],"start_time":"4635.04","end_time":"4635.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4635.279","end_time":"4635.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4635.879","end_time":"4636.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4636.089","end_time":"4636.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4636.31","end_time":"4636.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4636.709","end_time":"4636.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4637.029","end_time":"4637.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4637.479","end_time":"4637.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"month"}],"start_time":"4637.64","end_time":"4637.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.711","content":"or"}],"start_time":"4637.859","end_time":"4637.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4637.89","end_time":"4638.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"year"}],"start_time":"4638.439","end_time":"4638.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4638.6","end_time":"4638.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"another"}],"start_time":"4638.759","end_time":"4639.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"had"}],"start_time":"4639.049","end_time":"4639.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4639.149","end_time":"4639.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4639.24","end_time":"4639.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4639.609","end_time":"4639.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"started"}],"start_time":"4639.95","end_time":"4640.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4640.29","end_time":"4640.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4640.37","end_time":"4640.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"4640.54","end_time":"4640.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4640.759","end_time":"4641.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4641.009","end_time":"4641.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4641.1","end_time":"4641.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4641.279","end_time":"4641.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4641.299","end_time":"4641.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4641.49","end_time":"4641.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"4641.609","end_time":"4642.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"4642.18","end_time":"4643.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4643.149","end_time":"4643.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4643.709","end_time":"4644.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4644.089","end_time":"4644.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4644.33","end_time":"4644.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4644.709","end_time":"4644.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4644.75","end_time":"4645.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"point"}],"start_time":"4645.009","end_time":"4645.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4645.18","end_time":"4645.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"were"}],"start_time":"4645.29","end_time":"4645.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4645.359","end_time":"4645.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"4646.08","end_time":"4646.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"now"}],"start_time":"4646.39","end_time":"4646.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4646.72","end_time":"4647.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4647.049","end_time":"4647.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4647.18","end_time":"4647.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"find"}],"start_time":"4647.29","end_time":"4647.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4647.529","end_time":"4647.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"new"}],"start_time":"4647.549","end_time":"4647.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"source"}],"start_time":"4648.0","end_time":"4648.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4648.359","end_time":"4648.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"motivation"}],"start_time":"4648.459","end_time":"4649.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4649.47","end_time":"4649.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4649.779","end_time":"4649.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4649.95","end_time":"4650.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4650.2","end_time":"4650.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4650.22","end_time":"4650.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"4650.629","end_time":"4650.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4650.959","end_time":"4651.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"us"}],"start_time":"4651.16","end_time":"4651.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4651.279","end_time":"4651.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"remotivate"}],"start_time":"4651.5","end_time":"4652.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4652.14","end_time":"4652.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"team"}],"start_time":"4652.22","end_time":"4652.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4652.939","end_time":"4653.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"now"}],"start_time":"4653.22","end_time":"4653.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4653.379","end_time":"4653.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"had"}],"start_time":"4653.52","end_time":"4653.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4653.62","end_time":"4653.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4653.72","end_time":"4653.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4653.95","end_time":"4654.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"4654.18","end_time":"4654.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4654.589","end_time":"4654.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"than"}],"start_time":"4654.939","end_time":"4655.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"surviving"}],"start_time":"4655.14","end_time":"4655.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"How"}],"start_time":"4656.72","end_time":"4656.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"already"}],"start_time":"4656.87","end_time":"4657.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"mo"}],"start_time":"4657.189","end_time":"4657.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4657.339","end_time":"4657.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4657.979","end_time":"4658.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4658.87","end_time":"4658.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4658.99","end_time":"4659.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"purpose"}],"start_time":"4659.089","end_time":"4659.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4659.49","end_time":"4659.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4659.62","end_time":"4659.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"4659.649","end_time":"4660.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4660.25","end_time":"4660.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"serving"}],"start_time":"4660.81","end_time":"4661.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"our"}],"start_time":"4661.56","end_time":"4661.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"clients"}],"start_time":"4661.589","end_time":"4662.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"making"}],"start_time":"4662.62","end_time":"4663.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"great"}],"start_time":"4663.16","end_time":"4663.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"4663.399","end_time":"4664.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4664.08","end_time":"4664.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4664.1","end_time":"4664.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4664.49","end_time":"4664.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4664.629","end_time":"4664.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4664.819","end_time":"4664.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"switch"}],"start_time":"4664.839","end_time":"4665.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4665.16","end_time":"4665.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"4665.259","end_time":"4665.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4665.649","end_time":"4665.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4665.799","end_time":"4665.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"had"}],"start_time":"4665.919","end_time":"4665.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4666.0","end_time":"4666.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"operate"}],"start_time":"4666.149","end_time":"4666.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"This"}],"start_time":"4666.609","end_time":"4666.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4666.91","end_time":"4667.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4667.06","end_time":"4667.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"phase"}],"start_time":"4667.29","end_time":"4667.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4667.569","end_time":"4667.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4667.759","end_time":"4667.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"switched"}],"start_time":"4667.859","end_time":"4668.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.374","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4668.439","end_time":"4668.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"product"}],"start_time":"4668.49","end_time":"4669.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4669.359","end_time":"4669.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4669.97","end_time":"4670.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"This"}],"start_time":"4670.77","end_time":"4671.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"phase"}],"start_time":"4671.5","end_time":"4671.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"took"}],"start_time":"4671.709","end_time":"4672.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"4672.169","end_time":"4672.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"4672.37","end_time":"4672.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"two"}],"start_time":"4672.439","end_time":"4672.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"4672.529","end_time":"4672.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4673.0","end_time":"4673.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"order"}],"start_time":"4673.04","end_time":"4673.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4673.33","end_time":"4673.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4673.49","end_time":"4673.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4673.649","end_time":"4673.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"4673.95","end_time":"4674.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"flow"}],"start_time":"4674.229","end_time":"4674.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"positive"}],"start_time":"4674.479","end_time":"4675.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4675.049","end_time":"4675.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4675.299","end_time":"4675.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4675.509","end_time":"4675.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.706","content":"phase"}],"start_time":"4675.779","end_time":"4675.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"4675.979","end_time":"4676.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"From"}],"start_time":"4676.689","end_time":"4677.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4677.319","end_time":"4677.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"service"}],"start_time":"4677.339","end_time":"4677.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4677.709","end_time":"4677.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4677.99","end_time":"4678.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4678.129","end_time":"4678.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"product"}],"start_time":"4678.149","end_time":"4678.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4678.399","end_time":"4678.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"4680.83","end_time":"4681.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4681.02","end_time":"4681.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4681.129","end_time":"4681.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4681.319","end_time":"4681.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"celebrity"}],"start_time":"4681.339","end_time":"4681.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4681.879","end_time":"4681.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"4681.959","end_time":"4682.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.815","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4683.319","end_time":"4683.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Not"}],"start_time":"4683.379","end_time":"4684.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4684.37","end_time":"4684.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4684.439","end_time":"4684.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4684.79","end_time":"4685.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4685.049","end_time":"4685.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4685.069","end_time":"4685.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"try"}],"start_time":"4685.33","end_time":"4685.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4685.5","end_time":"4685.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4685.609","end_time":"4685.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4685.87","end_time":"4685.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"try"}],"start_time":"4685.89","end_time":"4686.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4686.18","end_time":"4686.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4687.45","end_time":"4687.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4687.72","end_time":"4687.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4687.74","end_time":"4688.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4688.049","end_time":"4688.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4688.33","end_time":"4688.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"4688.509","end_time":"4688.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4688.72","end_time":"4689.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"4690.47","end_time":"4690.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4690.74","end_time":"4690.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4690.83","end_time":"4691.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"fans"}],"start_time":"4691.08","end_time":"4691.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"4691.54","end_time":"4691.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"up"}],"start_time":"4691.859","end_time":"4692.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4692.02","end_time":"4692.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4692.169","end_time":"4692.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4692.33","end_time":"4692.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"4692.479","end_time":"4692.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4692.72","end_time":"4692.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4692.819","end_time":"4692.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"respect"}],"start_time":"4692.839","end_time":"4693.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4693.37","end_time":"4693.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"4693.529","end_time":"4693.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"done"}],"start_time":"4693.68","end_time":"4694.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.83","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4694.06","end_time":"4694.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"4694.379","end_time":"4695.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4695.259","end_time":"4695.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"4695.62","end_time":"4696.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"every"}],"start_time":"4696.1","end_time":"4697.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.561","content":"businessman"}],"start_time":"4697.529","end_time":"4698.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4698.24","end_time":"4698.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.506","content":"flash"}],"start_time":"4698.279","end_time":"4698.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4698.629","end_time":"4698.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4698.93","end_time":"4699.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4699.12","end_time":"4699.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4699.31","end_time":"4699.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4699.33","end_time":"4699.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"4699.899","end_time":"4700.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4700.16","end_time":"4700.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4700.25","end_time":"4700.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4700.299","end_time":"4700.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4700.529","end_time":"4700.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4700.7","end_time":"4700.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.761","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4701.759","end_time":"4701.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.834","content":"always"}],"start_time":"4702.0","end_time":"4702.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4702.169","end_time":"4702.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4702.91","end_time":"4702.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"4702.939","end_time":"4703.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4703.18","end_time":"4703.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.692","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4703.33","end_time":"4703.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4703.359","end_time":"4703.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.581","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4703.479","end_time":"4703.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.548","content":"What"}],"start_time":"4703.649","end_time":"4703.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4703.819","end_time":"4704.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"say"}],"start_time":"4704.24","end_time":"4704.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4704.56","end_time":"4704.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4704.72","end_time":"4704.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4704.799","end_time":"4705.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4705.029","end_time":"4705.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"4705.2","end_time":"4705.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4705.799","end_time":"4705.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"always"}],"start_time":"4706.0","end_time":"4706.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4706.2","end_time":"4706.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4706.839","end_time":"4707.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4707.64","end_time":"4708.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4708.009","end_time":"4708.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"youtube"}],"start_time":"4708.33","end_time":"4709.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4709.04","end_time":"4709.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"4709.129","end_time":"4709.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4709.319","end_time":"4709.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"4709.439","end_time":"4709.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"putting"}],"start_time":"4709.509","end_time":"4709.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4709.74","end_time":"4709.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4709.83","end_time":"4710.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4710.02","end_time":"4710.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4710.089","end_time":"4710.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"personality"}],"start_time":"4710.22","end_time":"4710.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4710.859","end_time":"4710.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mind"}],"start_time":"4710.97","end_time":"4711.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"out"}],"start_time":"4711.29","end_time":"4711.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"there"}],"start_time":"4712.029","end_time":"4712.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4712.069","end_time":"4712.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4712.72","end_time":"4712.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4712.97","end_time":"4713.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4713.229","end_time":"4713.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"4713.279","end_time":"4713.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"4713.56","end_time":"4713.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4713.64","end_time":"4713.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4713.72","end_time":"4713.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4713.839","end_time":"4713.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"really"}],"start_time":"4713.919","end_time":"4714.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4714.5","end_time":"4714.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4714.66","end_time":"4714.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4714.939","end_time":"4715.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4715.299","end_time":"4715.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4716.06","end_time":"4716.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4716.279","end_time":"4716.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4716.45","end_time":"4716.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"4716.47","end_time":"4716.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4716.7","end_time":"4717.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4717.12","end_time":"4717.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4717.35","end_time":"4717.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"gratitude"}],"start_time":"4717.649","end_time":"4718.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4718.58","end_time":"4718.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4718.77","end_time":"4719.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4719.02","end_time":"4719.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4719.04","end_time":"4719.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"4719.47","end_time":"4719.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"reached"}],"start_time":"4719.6","end_time":"4719.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.271","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4719.89","end_time":"4719.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.856","content":"point"}],"start_time":"4719.91","end_time":"4720.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.852","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4720.12","end_time":"4720.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"4720.16","end_time":"4720.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"life"}],"start_time":"4720.22","end_time":"4720.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4720.41","end_time":"4720.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4720.45","end_time":"4720.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4720.47","end_time":"4720.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4720.81","end_time":"4720.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"little"}],"start_time":"4720.83","end_time":"4720.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"scared"}],"start_time":"4720.95","end_time":"4721.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"also"}],"start_time":"4721.359","end_time":"4721.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"when"}],"start_time":"4721.54","end_time":"4721.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4721.66","end_time":"4721.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.44","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4721.83","end_time":"4721.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.501","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4721.859","end_time":"4721.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"too"}],"start_time":"4722.0","end_time":"4722.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4722.12","end_time":"4722.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4723.58","end_time":"4723.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4723.779","end_time":"4723.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4723.879","end_time":"4724.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"4724.129","end_time":"4724.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.309","content":"I'd"}],"start_time":"4724.359","end_time":"4724.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"4724.439","end_time":"4724.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"4724.68","end_time":"4724.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4724.859","end_time":"4725.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4725.049","end_time":"4725.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4725.209","end_time":"4725.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"become"}],"start_time":"4725.299","end_time":"4725.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4725.669","end_time":"4725.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4726.12","end_time":"4727.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"4727.339","end_time":"4727.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4727.91","end_time":"4728.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"less"}],"start_time":"4728.259","end_time":"4728.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"famous"}],"start_time":"4728.589","end_time":"4729.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"4729.149","end_time":"4729.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4729.31","end_time":"4729.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"4729.74","end_time":"4730.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4730.2","end_time":"4730.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"4730.24","end_time":"4730.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4730.68","end_time":"4731.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4731.27","end_time":"4731.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4731.29","end_time":"4731.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4731.85","end_time":"4732.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4732.02","end_time":"4732.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4732.169","end_time":"4732.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"level"}],"start_time":"4732.29","end_time":"4732.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"yet"}],"start_time":"4732.609","end_time":"4733.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"4734.149","end_time":"4734.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4734.339","end_time":"4734.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"4734.5","end_time":"4734.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4734.819","end_time":"4734.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4734.979","end_time":"4735.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"4735.12","end_time":"4735.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4735.39","end_time":"4735.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4735.49","end_time":"4735.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4735.72","end_time":"4736.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4736.04","end_time":"4736.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"business"}],"start_time":"4736.14","end_time":"4736.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4736.7","end_time":"4736.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4736.939","end_time":"4737.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4737.209","end_time":"4737.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4737.35","end_time":"4737.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4738.24","end_time":"4738.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4738.41","end_time":"4738.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"4738.979","end_time":"4739.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4739.45","end_time":"4739.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4739.899","end_time":"4740.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4740.339","end_time":"4740.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4741.359","end_time":"4741.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"4741.399","end_time":"4741.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4741.7","end_time":"4741.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4741.959","end_time":"4742.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4742.14","end_time":"4742.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"value"}],"start_time":"4742.5","end_time":"4742.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4742.77","end_time":"4742.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4742.85","end_time":"4742.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4742.939","end_time":"4743.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"today"}],"start_time":"4743.24","end_time":"4743.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4743.649","end_time":"4744.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4744.319","end_time":"4744.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9968333333333333","content":"4.5"}],"start_time":"4744.339","end_time":"4745.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"billion"}],"start_time":"4745.459","end_time":"4745.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What"}],"start_time":"4746.35","end_time":"4746.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4746.589","end_time":"4746.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9263333333333333","content":"4.5"}],"start_time":"4746.77","end_time":"4747.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"billions"}],"start_time":"4747.37","end_time":"4747.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4747.79","end_time":"4747.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"euro"}],"start_time":"4747.939","end_time":"4748.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"No"}],"start_time":"4748.39","end_time":"4748.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"nobody"}],"start_time":"4748.77","end_time":"4749.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"4749.18","end_time":"4749.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.503","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4750.08","end_time":"4750.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4750.359","end_time":"4750.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4750.97","end_time":"4751.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"numbers"}],"start_time":"4751.419","end_time":"4752.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4752.279","end_time":"4752.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4752.31","end_time":"4752.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4752.339","end_time":"4752.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4752.859","end_time":"4753.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"seems"}],"start_time":"4753.109","end_time":"4753.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4753.419","end_time":"4753.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4753.509","end_time":"4753.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4753.669","end_time":"4753.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4753.689","end_time":"4753.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4754.0","end_time":"4754.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4754.22","end_time":"4754.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"does"}],"start_time":"4754.439","end_time":"4754.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4754.589","end_time":"4754.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"4754.66","end_time":"4754.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4754.89","end_time":"4754.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"4754.99","end_time":"4755.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4755.479","end_time":"4755.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"relate"}],"start_time":"4755.52","end_time":"4755.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4755.859","end_time":"4756.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4756.089","end_time":"4756.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"4756.24","end_time":"4756.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4756.49","end_time":"4756.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"numbers"}],"start_time":"4756.7","end_time":"4757.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"The"}],"start_time":"4757.259","end_time":"4757.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"4757.459","end_time":"4757.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4757.97","end_time":"4758.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"4758.109","end_time":"4758.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4758.41","end_time":"4758.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"business"}],"start_time":"4758.52","end_time":"4758.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"has"}],"start_time":"4758.87","end_time":"4758.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4758.919","end_time":"4759.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"crossed"}],"start_time":"4759.2","end_time":"4759.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4759.569","end_time":"4759.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"head"}],"start_time":"4759.729","end_time":"4759.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"4760.68","end_time":"4761.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"4761.29","end_time":"4761.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4761.45","end_time":"4761.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"4761.99","end_time":"4762.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"We"}],"start_time":"4762.509","end_time":"4762.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.62","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4762.58","end_time":"4763.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4763.12","end_time":"4763.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"4763.37","end_time":"4763.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4764.14","end_time":"4764.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.641","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4764.589","end_time":"4764.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.61","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4764.609","end_time":"4764.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"never"}],"start_time":"4764.83","end_time":"4765.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4765.1","end_time":"4765.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4765.29","end_time":"4765.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"neither"}],"start_time":"4765.689","end_time":"4766.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4766.58","end_time":"4766.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4766.62","end_time":"4766.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4766.899","end_time":"4767.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4767.069","end_time":"4767.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4767.12","end_time":"4767.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4767.339","end_time":"4767.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4767.359","end_time":"4767.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4767.669","end_time":"4768.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4768.14","end_time":"4768.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4768.379","end_time":"4768.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4768.439","end_time":"4768.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4768.66","end_time":"4768.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4768.799","end_time":"4769.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4769.5","end_time":"4769.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4769.629","end_time":"4769.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4769.919","end_time":"4770.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.582","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"4770.06","end_time":"4770.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"4770.169","end_time":"4770.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"right"}],"start_time":"4770.589","end_time":"4770.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"4770.93","end_time":"4771.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"4771.169","end_time":"4771.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4771.43","end_time":"4771.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4771.549","end_time":"4771.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4771.95","end_time":"4772.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4772.77","end_time":"4772.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4772.879","end_time":"4773.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"4773.299","end_time":"4773.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tend"}],"start_time":"4773.68","end_time":"4773.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4773.91","end_time":"4774.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"refocus"}],"start_time":"4774.009","end_time":"4774.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4774.43","end_time":"4774.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4774.5","end_time":"4774.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"short"}],"start_time":"4774.58","end_time":"4774.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4774.819","end_time":"4775.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4775.54","end_time":"4775.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4775.72","end_time":"4775.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4775.81","end_time":"4775.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4775.959","end_time":"4776.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4776.109","end_time":"4776.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4776.33","end_time":"4776.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"publish"}],"start_time":"4776.35","end_time":"4776.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"earning"}],"start_time":"4777.0","end_time":"4777.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"codes"}],"start_time":"4777.379","end_time":"4777.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4777.85","end_time":"4778.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4778.169","end_time":"4778.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4778.529","end_time":"4778.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"4778.7","end_time":"4779.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"number"}],"start_time":"4779.02","end_time":"4779.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4779.37","end_time":"4779.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4779.52","end_time":"4779.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4779.7","end_time":"4779.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"numbers"}],"start_time":"4779.79","end_time":"4780.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4780.18","end_time":"4780.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4780.29","end_time":"4780.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"4780.74","end_time":"4781.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4781.109","end_time":"4781.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"4781.2","end_time":"4781.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4781.459","end_time":"4781.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"4781.52","end_time":"4781.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4781.709","end_time":"4781.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"shares"}],"start_time":"4781.799","end_time":"4782.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"4782.209","end_time":"4782.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"numbers"}],"start_time":"4782.45","end_time":"4782.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.833","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4782.839","end_time":"4782.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"4782.89","end_time":"4783.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4783.169","end_time":"4783.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4783.479","end_time":"4783.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4783.899","end_time":"4784.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"4784.16","end_time":"4784.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4784.529","end_time":"4784.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4784.649","end_time":"4784.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.575","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"4784.689","end_time":"4785.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4785.1","end_time":"4785.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"frustrated"}],"start_time":"4785.25","end_time":"4785.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4785.66","end_time":"4785.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"4785.939","end_time":"4786.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4786.029","end_time":"4786.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"shares"}],"start_time":"4786.149","end_time":"4786.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4786.49","end_time":"4786.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4786.649","end_time":"4786.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"4786.81","end_time":"4787.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4787.56","end_time":"4787.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4787.75","end_time":"4787.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"4787.99","end_time":"4788.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4788.399","end_time":"4788.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4788.56","end_time":"4788.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tendency"}],"start_time":"4788.58","end_time":"4788.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4788.939","end_time":"4789.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"4789.14","end_time":"4789.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4789.47","end_time":"4789.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4789.569","end_time":"4789.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"short"}],"start_time":"4789.669","end_time":"4789.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4789.93","end_time":"4790.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4790.58","end_time":"4791.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.735","content":"saves"}],"start_time":"4791.08","end_time":"4791.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.779","content":"saves"}],"start_time":"4791.729","end_time":"4791.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4791.979","end_time":"4792.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4792.1","end_time":"4792.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.349","content":"moments"}],"start_time":"4792.169","end_time":"4792.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.522","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4792.52","end_time":"4792.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4792.549","end_time":"4792.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"quarter"}],"start_time":"4792.649","end_time":"4793.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4793.049","end_time":"4793.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4793.149","end_time":"4793.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4793.25","end_time":"4793.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4793.529","end_time":"4793.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4793.6","end_time":"4793.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4793.89","end_time":"4794.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4794.049","end_time":"4794.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4794.169","end_time":"4794.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"success"}],"start_time":"4794.31","end_time":"4794.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4794.7","end_time":"4794.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"FU"}],"start_time":"4794.81","end_time":"4794.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4795.0","end_time":"4795.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"always"}],"start_time":"4795.12","end_time":"4795.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4795.35","end_time":"4795.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"4795.45","end_time":"4795.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4795.68","end_time":"4795.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4795.819","end_time":"4795.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"long"}],"start_time":"4795.87","end_time":"4796.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4796.08","end_time":"4796.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4796.58","end_time":"4796.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4796.779","end_time":"4796.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4796.799","end_time":"4797.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4797.049","end_time":"4797.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.561","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4797.189","end_time":"4797.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.553","content":"see"}],"start_time":"4797.22","end_time":"4797.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.405","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4797.58","end_time":"4797.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4797.91","end_time":"4798.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"look"}],"start_time":"4798.1","end_time":"4798.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4798.45","end_time":"4798.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4798.54","end_time":"4798.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"short"}],"start_time":"4798.629","end_time":"4798.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4798.85","end_time":"4799.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"or"}],"start_time":"4799.049","end_time":"4799.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4799.1","end_time":"4799.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"4799.2","end_time":"4799.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"number"}],"start_time":"4799.43","end_time":"4799.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4799.649","end_time":"4799.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4799.77","end_time":"4799.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"quarter"}],"start_time":"4799.85","end_time":"4800.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"One"}],"start_time":"4800.899","end_time":"4801.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4801.549","end_time":"4801.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4801.799","end_time":"4801.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"4801.979","end_time":"4802.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4802.16","end_time":"4802.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.919","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4802.43","end_time":"4802.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4802.689","end_time":"4802.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4802.819","end_time":"4803.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"focused"}],"start_time":"4803.08","end_time":"4803.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4803.419","end_time":"4803.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"productivity"}],"start_time":"4803.52","end_time":"4804.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4804.16","end_time":"4804.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"efficiency"}],"start_time":"4804.27","end_time":"4804.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4805.52","end_time":"4805.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"When"}],"start_time":"4805.859","end_time":"4806.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4806.629","end_time":"4806.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4806.729","end_time":"4806.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4806.87","end_time":"4807.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4807.31","end_time":"4807.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"4807.39","end_time":"4807.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"extra"}],"start_time":"4807.629","end_time":"4808.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"layers"}],"start_time":"4808.009","end_time":"4808.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4808.39","end_time":"4808.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reporting"}],"start_time":"4808.5","end_time":"4809.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"transparency"}],"start_time":"4809.629","end_time":"4810.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.659","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4810.759","end_time":"4810.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"4810.779","end_time":"4811.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4811.2","end_time":"4811.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4811.35","end_time":"4811.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"4812.189","end_time":"4812.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4812.52","end_time":"4812.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"second"}],"start_time":"4812.97","end_time":"4813.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"4813.379","end_time":"4813.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4813.649","end_time":"4813.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4813.669","end_time":"4813.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4813.959","end_time":"4814.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4814.12","end_time":"4814.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4814.419","end_time":"4814.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4814.629","end_time":"4814.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4814.93","end_time":"4814.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4814.959","end_time":"4815.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"4815.129","end_time":"4815.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"4815.39","end_time":"4815.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"decide"}],"start_time":"4815.819","end_time":"4816.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"4816.259","end_time":"4816.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"away"}],"start_time":"4816.459","end_time":"4816.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"instead"}],"start_time":"4816.899","end_time":"4817.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4817.24","end_time":"4817.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"asking"}],"start_time":"4817.33","end_time":"4817.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4817.66","end_time":"4817.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"board"}],"start_time":"4817.779","end_time":"4818.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4818.029","end_time":"4818.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.516","content":"directors"}],"start_time":"4818.129","end_time":"4818.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4819.339","end_time":"4819.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"4819.64","end_time":"4819.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"third"}],"start_time":"4819.95","end_time":"4820.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4820.379","end_time":"4820.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4820.399","end_time":"4820.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4820.77","end_time":"4821.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4821.1","end_time":"4821.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"transparent"}],"start_time":"4821.209","end_time":"4821.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"communication"}],"start_time":"4821.7","end_time":"4822.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4822.47","end_time":"4822.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4822.66","end_time":"4822.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4822.729","end_time":"4822.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4822.75","end_time":"4823.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"said"}],"start_time":"4823.04","end_time":"4823.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4823.35","end_time":"4823.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4823.529","end_time":"4823.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.779","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4824.0","end_time":"4824.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9988333333333334","content":"4.5"}],"start_time":"4824.299","end_time":"4825.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"billion"}],"start_time":"4825.02","end_time":"4825.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4825.33","end_time":"4825.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"euro"}],"start_time":"4825.439","end_time":"4825.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"4826.74","end_time":"4827.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4827.009","end_time":"4827.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4827.029","end_time":"4827.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4827.22","end_time":"4827.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4827.24","end_time":"4827.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"4827.56","end_time":"4827.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4827.87","end_time":"4827.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"could"}],"start_time":"4827.89","end_time":"4828.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4828.069","end_time":"4828.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4828.22","end_time":"4828.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"jail"}],"start_time":"4828.279","end_time":"4828.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4829.62","end_time":"4830.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4830.06","end_time":"4830.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"disclosed"}],"start_time":"4830.08","end_time":"4830.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"information"}],"start_time":"4830.629","end_time":"4831.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4831.89","end_time":"4832.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4832.609","end_time":"4833.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4833.069","end_time":"4833.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"before"}],"start_time":"4833.49","end_time":"4833.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4833.919","end_time":"4834.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"earning"}],"start_time":"4834.029","end_time":"4834.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.88","content":"calls"}],"start_time":"4834.319","end_time":"4834.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.744","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4835.359","end_time":"4835.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.79","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4835.669","end_time":"4835.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4836.049","end_time":"4836.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"if"}],"start_time":"4836.37","end_time":"4836.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4836.6","end_time":"4836.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4836.62","end_time":"4836.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4836.83","end_time":"4836.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"sent"}],"start_time":"4836.99","end_time":"4837.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4837.18","end_time":"4837.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4837.299","end_time":"4837.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"4837.47","end_time":"4838.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4838.1","end_time":"4838.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"publicly"}],"start_time":"4838.22","end_time":"4838.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.83","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4838.819","end_time":"4838.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4838.97","end_time":"4839.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4839.229","end_time":"4839.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4839.89","end_time":"4839.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"could"}],"start_time":"4839.95","end_time":"4840.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4840.18","end_time":"4840.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4840.299","end_time":"4840.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"jail"}],"start_time":"4840.419","end_time":"4840.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4840.6","end_time":"4840.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4840.649","end_time":"4840.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4840.91","end_time":"4841.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4841.069","end_time":"4841.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4841.509","end_time":"4841.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4841.549","end_time":"4841.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4841.87","end_time":"4841.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4841.93","end_time":"4842.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"able"}],"start_time":"4842.049","end_time":"4842.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4842.27","end_time":"4842.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"say"}],"start_time":"4842.35","end_time":"4842.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"whatever"}],"start_time":"4842.549","end_time":"4842.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4842.93","end_time":"4842.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4842.95","end_time":"4843.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4843.229","end_time":"4843.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"inform"}],"start_time":"4843.339","end_time":"4843.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"4843.72","end_time":"4844.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"4844.089","end_time":"4844.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4845.18","end_time":"4845.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4845.799","end_time":"4846.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4846.16","end_time":"4846.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"transparent"}],"start_time":"4846.279","end_time":"4846.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"4848.339","end_time":"4848.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4848.609","end_time":"4848.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4848.7","end_time":"4848.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4848.779","end_time":"4848.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"founders"}],"start_time":"4848.979","end_time":"4849.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"choose"}],"start_time":"4849.359","end_time":"4849.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4849.68","end_time":"4849.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4849.759","end_time":"4849.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4849.91","end_time":"4850.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4851.77","end_time":"4851.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4851.839","end_time":"4852.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4852.18","end_time":"4852.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4852.2","end_time":"4852.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4852.399","end_time":"4852.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"4852.49","end_time":"4852.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4852.64","end_time":"4852.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4852.89","end_time":"4853.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4853.47","end_time":"4853.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4853.56","end_time":"4853.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4853.779","end_time":"4853.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4853.799","end_time":"4853.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4853.93","end_time":"4854.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4854.02","end_time":"4854.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"4854.2","end_time":"4854.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4855.129","end_time":"4856.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4856.319","end_time":"4856.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4856.72","end_time":"4856.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"4856.919","end_time":"4857.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4857.7","end_time":"4857.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"consequence"}],"start_time":"4857.799","end_time":"4858.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4858.52","end_time":"4858.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4858.66","end_time":"4858.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"4858.87","end_time":"4859.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4859.149","end_time":"4859.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"4859.229","end_time":"4859.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4859.399","end_time":"4859.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"catch"}],"start_time":"4859.64","end_time":"4859.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4859.91","end_time":"4859.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"4860.0","end_time":"4860.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"another"}],"start_time":"4861.229","end_time":"4861.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"4861.54","end_time":"4861.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.753","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4861.74","end_time":"4861.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"4861.859","end_time":"4862.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4862.18","end_time":"4862.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4862.2","end_time":"4862.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4862.58","end_time":"4862.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4862.99","end_time":"4863.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"source"}],"start_time":"4863.009","end_time":"4863.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4863.29","end_time":"4863.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"4863.41","end_time":"4863.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4863.66","end_time":"4864.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4864.049","end_time":"4864.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quite"}],"start_time":"4864.129","end_time":"4864.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4864.379","end_time":"4864.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4865.109","end_time":"4865.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"efficient"}],"start_time":"4865.419","end_time":"4866.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4866.27","end_time":"4866.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4866.54","end_time":"4866.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"comes"}],"start_time":"4866.64","end_time":"4866.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4866.939","end_time":"4867.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4867.129","end_time":"4867.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"drawbacks"}],"start_time":"4867.33","end_time":"4867.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4867.93","end_time":"4868.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4868.229","end_time":"4868.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4868.35","end_time":"4868.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4868.569","end_time":"4868.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4869.31","end_time":"4869.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4869.33","end_time":"4869.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"extra"}],"start_time":"4869.939","end_time":"4870.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"layers"}],"start_time":"4870.5","end_time":"4870.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4870.939","end_time":"4871.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reporting"}],"start_time":"4871.04","end_time":"4871.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"complexity"}],"start_time":"4871.72","end_time":"4872.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4872.689","end_time":"4872.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cannot"}],"start_time":"4872.89","end_time":"4873.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"disclose"}],"start_time":"4873.22","end_time":"4873.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"information"}],"start_time":"4873.68","end_time":"4874.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4874.819","end_time":"4875.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4875.149","end_time":"4875.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"4875.72","end_time":"4875.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"refocus"}],"start_time":"4875.89","end_time":"4876.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4876.58","end_time":"4876.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"4876.7","end_time":"4877.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4877.02","end_time":"4877.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4877.12","end_time":"4877.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"short"}],"start_time":"4877.18","end_time":"4877.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4877.43","end_time":"4877.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4877.779","end_time":"4878.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"4878.009","end_time":"4878.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"4878.2","end_time":"4878.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.339","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4878.54","end_time":"4878.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4878.58","end_time":"4878.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Some"}],"start_time":"4878.819","end_time":"4878.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"4879.0","end_time":"4879.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"4879.299","end_time":"4879.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4879.54","end_time":"4879.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"focus"}],"start_time":"4879.62","end_time":"4879.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4879.859","end_time":"4879.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4879.919","end_time":"4880.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"short"}],"start_time":"4880.009","end_time":"4880.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4880.149","end_time":"4880.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4880.399","end_time":"4880.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4880.669","end_time":"4880.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4880.79","end_time":"4881.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"us"}],"start_time":"4881.029","end_time":"4881.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4882.45","end_time":"4882.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4882.759","end_time":"4883.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4883.08","end_time":"4883.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4883.209","end_time":"4883.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"4883.56","end_time":"4883.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4883.799","end_time":"4883.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"far"}],"start_time":"4883.99","end_time":"4884.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"4884.25","end_time":"4884.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"4884.37","end_time":"4884.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4884.58","end_time":"4884.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4884.629","end_time":"4884.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"might"}],"start_time":"4884.649","end_time":"4884.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"4884.839","end_time":"4884.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"totally"}],"start_time":"4885.0","end_time":"4885.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"wrong"}],"start_time":"4885.359","end_time":"4885.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"while"}],"start_time":"4885.759","end_time":"4886.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"4886.08","end_time":"4886.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"4886.35","end_time":"4886.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4887.189","end_time":"4887.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4887.45","end_time":"4887.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4887.47","end_time":"4887.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"4887.75","end_time":"4887.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4887.859","end_time":"4887.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"4887.879","end_time":"4888.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4888.1","end_time":"4888.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4888.169","end_time":"4888.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"glamour"}],"start_time":"4888.189","end_time":"4888.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.65","content":"factor"}],"start_time":"4888.64","end_time":"4888.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"4888.959","end_time":"4889.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.75","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4890.29","end_time":"4890.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4890.93","end_time":"4891.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4891.5","end_time":"4891.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"4891.52","end_time":"4891.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4891.799","end_time":"4891.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"4891.919","end_time":"4892.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"recognized"}],"start_time":"4892.169","end_time":"4892.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4892.97","end_time":"4893.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4893.2","end_time":"4893.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4893.35","end_time":"4893.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"short"}],"start_time":"4893.549","end_time":"4893.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"term"}],"start_time":"4893.81","end_time":"4894.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4894.419","end_time":"4894.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4894.72","end_time":"4894.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.421","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"4894.839","end_time":"4895.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4895.069","end_time":"4895.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4895.12","end_time":"4895.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"public"}],"start_time":"4895.279","end_time":"4895.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"4895.68","end_time":"4896.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.903","content":"praise"}],"start_time":"4896.04","end_time":"4896.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4896.35","end_time":"4896.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4896.549","end_time":"4896.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4896.609","end_time":"4896.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4896.79","end_time":"4896.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4896.81","end_time":"4896.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4896.939","end_time":"4897.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.728","content":"praise"}],"start_time":"4897.04","end_time":"4897.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4897.279","end_time":"4897.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4897.43","end_time":"4897.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4897.68","end_time":"4897.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"goes"}],"start_time":"4897.709","end_time":"4897.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"4898.0","end_time":"4898.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4898.169","end_time":"4898.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reality"}],"start_time":"4898.27","end_time":"4898.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"after"}],"start_time":"4898.709","end_time":"4899.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"deal"}],"start_time":"4899.39","end_time":"4899.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"4899.49","end_time":"4899.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4899.649","end_time":"4899.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"devil"}],"start_time":"4899.689","end_time":"4900.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"4900.419","end_time":"4900.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4900.91","end_time":"4900.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4900.979","end_time":"4901.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4901.189","end_time":"4901.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.518","content":"same"}],"start_time":"4901.359","end_time":"4901.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.85","content":"articles"}],"start_time":"4901.91","end_time":"4902.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4902.229","end_time":"4902.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4902.299","end_time":"4902.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"publish"}],"start_time":"4902.399","end_time":"4902.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4902.839","end_time":"4902.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"de"}],"start_time":"4902.99","end_time":"4903.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4903.24","end_time":"4903.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.797","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4903.52","end_time":"4903.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4903.549","end_time":"4903.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"big"}],"start_time":"4903.72","end_time":"4903.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"deal"}],"start_time":"4904.0","end_time":"4904.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4904.41","end_time":"4905.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"um"}],"start_time":"4905.069","end_time":"4905.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4905.879","end_time":"4906.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"extreme"}],"start_time":"4906.16","end_time":"4906.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4906.68","end_time":"4906.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"4906.759","end_time":"4907.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4907.149","end_time":"4907.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4907.169","end_time":"4907.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4907.43","end_time":"4907.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"4907.6","end_time":"4907.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"4907.819","end_time":"4907.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4907.99","end_time":"4908.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lose"}],"start_time":"4908.009","end_time":"4908.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"1%"}],"start_time":"4908.6","end_time":"4909.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4909.229","end_time":"4909.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"productivity"}],"start_time":"4909.319","end_time":"4909.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4909.939","end_time":"4910.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"4910.02","end_time":"4910.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4910.47","end_time":"4910.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wouldn't"}],"start_time":"4910.49","end_time":"4911.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"4911.209","end_time":"4911.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4911.87","end_time":"4912.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4912.089","end_time":"4912.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.79","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4912.259","end_time":"4912.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4913.02","end_time":"4913.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4914.79","end_time":"4915.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4915.24","end_time":"4915.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4915.47","end_time":"4915.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4915.6","end_time":"4915.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.605","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4915.759","end_time":"4915.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"devil"}],"start_time":"4915.79","end_time":"4916.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"4916.169","end_time":"4916.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.723","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4916.81","end_time":"4916.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what's"}],"start_time":"4917.22","end_time":"4917.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4917.5","end_time":"4917.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"4917.58","end_time":"4917.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"career"}],"start_time":"4917.779","end_time":"4918.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"4918.1","end_time":"4918.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4918.459","end_time":"4918.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"4918.6","end_time":"4918.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"got"}],"start_time":"4918.859","end_time":"4919.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4919.1","end_time":"4919.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4919.18","end_time":"4919.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"4919.37","end_time":"4919.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4919.54","end_time":"4919.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"4919.859","end_time":"4920.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Just"}],"start_time":"4921.029","end_time":"4921.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4921.319","end_time":"4921.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4921.58","end_time":"4921.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.506","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"4923.93","end_time":"4924.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"true"}],"start_time":"4924.14","end_time":"4924.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"4924.439","end_time":"4924.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4924.7","end_time":"4924.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4924.72","end_time":"4924.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4924.93","end_time":"4925.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4925.02","end_time":"4925.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4925.29","end_time":"4925.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9744999999999999","content":"re"}],"start_time":"4925.31","end_time":"4925.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"4925.39","end_time":"4925.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"waiting"}],"start_time":"4925.77","end_time":"4926.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"4926.109","end_time":"4926.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4926.27","end_time":"4926.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"4926.359","end_time":"4926.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"idea"}],"start_time":"4926.589","end_time":"4927.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4927.5","end_time":"4928.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"deciding"}],"start_time":"4928.45","end_time":"4929.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4929.25","end_time":"4929.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"4929.45","end_time":"4929.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"4929.62","end_time":"4929.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4929.77","end_time":"4929.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4929.99","end_time":"4930.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.76","content":"sometime"}],"start_time":"4930.069","end_time":"4930.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.423","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4930.569","end_time":"4930.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4930.669","end_time":"4930.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4930.899","end_time":"4931.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"move"}],"start_time":"4931.759","end_time":"4932.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4932.24","end_time":"4932.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4933.669","end_time":"4933.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4933.959","end_time":"4934.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"4934.06","end_time":"4934.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"done"}],"start_time":"4934.37","end_time":"4934.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"first"}],"start_time":"4934.54","end_time":"4934.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4934.819","end_time":"4934.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4934.97","end_time":"4935.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"job"}],"start_time":"4935.029","end_time":"4935.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.743","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4935.45","end_time":"4935.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"4935.49","end_time":"4935.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4935.839","end_time":"4935.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"works"}],"start_time":"4935.919","end_time":"4936.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Maybe"}],"start_time":"4936.24","end_time":"4936.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"4936.459","end_time":"4936.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"4936.509","end_time":"4936.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"4936.74","end_time":"4937.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"4937.02","end_time":"4937.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4937.279","end_time":"4937.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"least"}],"start_time":"4937.319","end_time":"4937.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4937.45","end_time":"4937.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"move"}],"start_time":"4937.479","end_time":"4937.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"forward"}],"start_time":"4937.609","end_time":"4938.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4938.819","end_time":"4939.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"what's"}],"start_time":"4939.009","end_time":"4939.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4939.2","end_time":"4939.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"worst"}],"start_time":"4939.319","end_time":"4939.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"4939.6","end_time":"4939.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4939.959","end_time":"4940.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4940.06","end_time":"4940.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"about"}],"start_time":"4940.189","end_time":"4940.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"4941.75","end_time":"4942.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4942.379","end_time":"4942.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4942.399","end_time":"4942.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4942.72","end_time":"4943.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.801","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"4943.06","end_time":"4943.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"open"}],"start_time":"4943.7","end_time":"4944.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.616","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4945.66","end_time":"4945.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.535","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"4945.779","end_time":"4946.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"no"}],"start_time":"4946.359","end_time":"4947.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4947.479","end_time":"4947.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4947.5","end_time":"4947.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4947.83","end_time":"4948.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"4948.029","end_time":"4948.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.533","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"4948.279","end_time":"4948.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4948.509","end_time":"4948.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4948.529","end_time":"4948.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"follow"}],"start_time":"4948.95","end_time":"4949.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"4949.18","end_time":"4949.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4949.819","end_time":"4949.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4949.89","end_time":"4950.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4950.229","end_time":"4950.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mentors"}],"start_time":"4950.379","end_time":"4950.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4950.91","end_time":"4951.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"4951.009","end_time":"4951.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4951.339","end_time":"4951.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"4951.359","end_time":"4951.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"4951.589","end_time":"4952.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4952.549","end_time":"4952.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4952.99","end_time":"4953.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.774","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4953.279","end_time":"4953.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"office"}],"start_time":"4953.33","end_time":"4953.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"4953.649","end_time":"4953.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"4953.85","end_time":"4953.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4953.919","end_time":"4953.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"farm"}],"start_time":"4953.939","end_time":"4954.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4954.839","end_time":"4954.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4954.979","end_time":"4954.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"farm"}],"start_time":"4955.0","end_time":"4955.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"quite"}],"start_time":"4955.45","end_time":"4955.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"alone"}],"start_time":"4955.77","end_time":"4956.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4956.029","end_time":"4956.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"meeting"}],"start_time":"4956.18","end_time":"4956.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4956.479","end_time":"4956.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4956.5","end_time":"4956.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4956.68","end_time":"4956.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4956.759","end_time":"4957.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"4957.049","end_time":"4957.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4957.189","end_time":"4957.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"4957.209","end_time":"4957.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"4957.589","end_time":"4957.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4957.75","end_time":"4957.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4957.77","end_time":"4957.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4957.93","end_time":"4958.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"feedback"}],"start_time":"4958.02","end_time":"4958.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"4960.069","end_time":"4960.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"gonna"}],"start_time":"4960.299","end_time":"4960.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"give"}],"start_time":"4960.569","end_time":"4960.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4960.819","end_time":"4960.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4960.979","end_time":"4960.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"compliment"}],"start_time":"4961.0","end_time":"4961.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"again"}],"start_time":"4961.549","end_time":"4962.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Same"}],"start_time":"4962.18","end_time":"4962.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"compliment"}],"start_time":"4962.799","end_time":"4963.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"4963.229","end_time":"4963.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4963.35","end_time":"4963.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"crazy"}],"start_time":"4963.37","end_time":"4963.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"4963.759","end_time":"4964.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4964.549","end_time":"4964.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4964.85","end_time":"4964.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.877","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4964.93","end_time":"4965.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4965.06","end_time":"4965.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"met"}],"start_time":"4965.279","end_time":"4965.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"anyone"}],"start_time":"4965.509","end_time":"4965.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4965.819","end_time":"4966.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4966.089","end_time":"4966.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4966.149","end_time":"4966.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4966.29","end_time":"4966.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"show"}],"start_time":"4966.379","end_time":"4966.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"No"}],"start_time":"4966.74","end_time":"4967.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4967.1","end_time":"4967.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"4967.12","end_time":"4967.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4967.43","end_time":"4967.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4967.45","end_time":"4967.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4967.58","end_time":"4967.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4967.709","end_time":"4968.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"4968.02","end_time":"4968.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"bootstrap"}],"start_time":"4968.14","end_time":"4968.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"4968.589","end_time":"4968.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4968.77","end_time":"4969.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4969.649","end_time":"4969.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"start"}],"start_time":"4969.87","end_time":"4970.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"4970.47","end_time":"4970.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where"}],"start_time":"4970.83","end_time":"4971.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4971.1","end_time":"4971.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4971.22","end_time":"4971.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4971.569","end_time":"4971.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4971.64","end_time":"4971.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.734","content":"small"}],"start_time":"4971.75","end_time":"4971.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.715","content":"things"}],"start_time":"4972.129","end_time":"4972.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.774","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4972.479","end_time":"4973.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4973.08","end_time":"4973.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"4973.16","end_time":"4973.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"4973.62","end_time":"4973.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"4973.859","end_time":"4974.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4974.069","end_time":"4974.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"professional"}],"start_time":"4974.16","end_time":"4974.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.352","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4974.68","end_time":"4974.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"even"}],"start_time":"4974.779","end_time":"4975.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4975.06","end_time":"4975.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"guy"}],"start_time":"4975.2","end_time":"4975.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4975.509","end_time":"4975.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"4975.709","end_time":"4976.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.443","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4976.24","end_time":"4976.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"4976.379","end_time":"4976.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"4976.6","end_time":"4977.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.43","content":"man"}],"start_time":"4977.089","end_time":"4977.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4977.279","end_time":"4977.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4977.97","end_time":"4978.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4978.109","end_time":"4978.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.682","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4978.27","end_time":"4978.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.742","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4978.319","end_time":"4978.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.85","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4978.399","end_time":"4978.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4978.549","end_time":"4978.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"seen"}],"start_time":"4978.79","end_time":"4978.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"4978.95","end_time":"4979.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4979.14","end_time":"4979.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4979.25","end_time":"4979.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"show"}],"start_time":"4979.31","end_time":"4979.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"and"}],"start_time":"4979.45","end_time":"4979.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.73","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"4979.569","end_time":"4979.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"spoken"}],"start_time":"4979.669","end_time":"4980.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"to"}],"start_time":"4980.04","end_time":"4980.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4980.08","end_time":"4980.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"600"}],"start_time":"4980.24","end_time":"4980.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4980.7","end_time":"4981.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4981.959","end_time":"4982.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.738","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"4982.149","end_time":"4982.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4982.209","end_time":"4982.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"met"}],"start_time":"4982.379","end_time":"4982.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"4982.49","end_time":"4982.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"who's"}],"start_time":"4982.729","end_time":"4982.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"done"}],"start_time":"4982.879","end_time":"4983.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4983.169","end_time":"4983.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"4983.33","end_time":"4983.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"materially"}],"start_time":"4983.68","end_time":"4984.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4984.33","end_time":"4984.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.465","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"4984.49","end_time":"4984.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"still"}],"start_time":"4984.56","end_time":"4984.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"4984.89","end_time":"4984.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"humble"}],"start_time":"4984.99","end_time":"4985.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4986.209","end_time":"4986.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4986.49","end_time":"4986.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"4986.509","end_time":"4986.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"4986.799","end_time":"4987.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.599","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"4987.04","end_time":"4987.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"4987.08","end_time":"4987.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4987.509","end_time":"4987.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.65","content":"code"}],"start_time":"4987.549","end_time":"4987.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"4987.879","end_time":"4987.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"4987.99","end_time":"4988.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"inside"}],"start_time":"4988.12","end_time":"4988.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"You"}],"start_time":"4988.72","end_time":"4988.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"know"}],"start_time":"4988.879","end_time":"4989.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.719","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4989.049","end_time":"4989.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"4989.5","end_time":"4989.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4989.81","end_time":"4989.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4989.95","end_time":"4989.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"love"}],"start_time":"4989.97","end_time":"4990.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"I"}],"start_time":"4990.799","end_time":"4990.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.505","content":"am"}],"start_time":"4990.99","end_time":"4991.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"A"}],"start_time":"4991.029","end_time":"4991.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"4992.549","end_time":"4992.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"4992.729","end_time":"4992.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"4992.95","end_time":"4993.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"affects"}],"start_time":"4993.33","end_time":"4993.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"4993.839","end_time":"4993.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"4993.859","end_time":"4994.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"4994.18","end_time":"4994.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"how"}],"start_time":"4994.299","end_time":"4994.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"4994.52","end_time":"4994.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"4994.58","end_time":"4994.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"4994.859","end_time":"4994.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"life"}],"start_time":"4994.919","end_time":"4995.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"4995.069","end_time":"4995.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"4995.169","end_time":"4995.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"4995.97","end_time":"4996.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"someone"}],"start_time":"4996.35","end_time":"4996.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"else"}],"start_time":"4996.68","end_time":"4996.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Many"}],"start_time":"4996.77","end_time":"4997.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"4997.2","end_time":"4997.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"4997.39","end_time":"4997.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"4997.7","end_time":"4997.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"4997.79","end_time":"4997.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"position"}],"start_time":"4997.979","end_time":"4998.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"4998.479","end_time":"4998.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"4998.669","end_time":"4998.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"accomplished"}],"start_time":"4998.87","end_time":"4999.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"4999.459","end_time":"4999.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.748","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"4999.589","end_time":"4999.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"accomplished"}],"start_time":"4999.68","end_time":"5000.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5000.459","end_time":"5000.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5000.87","end_time":"5001.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"point"}],"start_time":"5001.27","end_time":"5001.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Either"}],"start_time":"5001.529","end_time":"5001.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5001.7","end_time":"5001.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5001.85","end_time":"5001.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"chosen"}],"start_time":"5002.0","end_time":"5002.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5002.439","end_time":"5002.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"5002.549","end_time":"5002.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5002.79","end_time":"5002.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"off"}],"start_time":"5002.85","end_time":"5003.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5003.18","end_time":"5003.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5003.279","end_time":"5003.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"relax"}],"start_time":"5003.509","end_time":"5004.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5004.2","end_time":"5004.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5004.49","end_time":"5004.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.818","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5004.58","end_time":"5004.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"live"}],"start_time":"5004.629","end_time":"5004.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5004.979","end_time":"5005.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5005.649","end_time":"5005.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5005.859","end_time":"5005.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.568","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5005.99","end_time":"5006.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5006.129","end_time":"5006.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.778","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5006.29","end_time":"5006.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"5006.5","end_time":"5006.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"by"}],"start_time":"5006.68","end_time":"5006.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"5006.839","end_time":"5007.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5007.069","end_time":"5007.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5007.819","end_time":"5007.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5007.859","end_time":"5008.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5008.14","end_time":"5008.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5008.439","end_time":"5008.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5008.68","end_time":"5008.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5008.759","end_time":"5009.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5009.04","end_time":"5009.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"stories"}],"start_time":"5009.209","end_time":"5010.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5010.149","end_time":"5010.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5010.75","end_time":"5011.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"There"}],"start_time":"5011.459","end_time":"5011.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5011.77","end_time":"5011.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"5011.89","end_time":"5012.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5012.22","end_time":"5012.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5012.729","end_time":"5012.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5012.93","end_time":"5012.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5012.95","end_time":"5013.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5013.169","end_time":"5013.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5013.43","end_time":"5013.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.692","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5013.79","end_time":"5013.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5013.83","end_time":"5014.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"The"}],"start_time":"5014.62","end_time":"5014.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"5014.87","end_time":"5015.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5015.18","end_time":"5015.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5015.209","end_time":"5015.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5015.419","end_time":"5015.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5015.64","end_time":"5015.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5015.759","end_time":"5015.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"continue"}],"start_time":"5015.91","end_time":"5017.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"improving"}],"start_time":"5017.189","end_time":"5017.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5017.839","end_time":"5017.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"software"}],"start_time":"5017.91","end_time":"5018.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5018.25","end_time":"5018.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"5018.39","end_time":"5018.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.524","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5018.979","end_time":"5019.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5019.229","end_time":"5019.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"5019.27","end_time":"5019.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5019.799","end_time":"5020.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5020.54","end_time":"5020.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5020.66","end_time":"5020.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"see"}],"start_time":"5020.95","end_time":"5021.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5021.04","end_time":"5021.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5021.22","end_time":"5021.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5021.24","end_time":"5021.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5021.439","end_time":"5021.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5021.529","end_time":"5021.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5021.819","end_time":"5021.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5021.919","end_time":"5022.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5022.95","end_time":"5022.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"5023.229","end_time":"5023.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5023.58","end_time":"5023.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5023.759","end_time":"5023.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"changing"}],"start_time":"5023.819","end_time":"5024.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5024.25","end_time":"5024.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5024.35","end_time":"5024.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"person"}],"start_time":"5024.37","end_time":"5024.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5024.79","end_time":"5024.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5024.899","end_time":"5025.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"age"}],"start_time":"5025.06","end_time":"5025.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Not"}],"start_time":"5025.45","end_time":"5025.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5025.75","end_time":"5025.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5025.87","end_time":"5025.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"professional"}],"start_time":"5025.89","end_time":"5026.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5026.47","end_time":"5026.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5026.68","end_time":"5026.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"human"}],"start_time":"5026.7","end_time":"5026.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"being"}],"start_time":"5027.0","end_time":"5027.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"5027.2","end_time":"5027.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5027.279","end_time":"5027.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"changing"}],"start_time":"5027.33","end_time":"5027.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5028.66","end_time":"5028.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"become"}],"start_time":"5028.759","end_time":"5029.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5029.2","end_time":"5030.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"5030.379","end_time":"5030.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5030.6","end_time":"5030.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5030.62","end_time":"5030.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"no"}],"start_time":"5030.839","end_time":"5031.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5031.089","end_time":"5031.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"become"}],"start_time":"5031.129","end_time":"5031.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"slower"}],"start_time":"5031.459","end_time":"5031.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5032.089","end_time":"5032.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5032.47","end_time":"5032.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5032.52","end_time":"5032.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"age"}],"start_time":"5032.709","end_time":"5033.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5033.419","end_time":"5034.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5035.089","end_time":"5035.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5035.33","end_time":"5035.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5035.35","end_time":"5035.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5035.66","end_time":"5035.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"vision"}],"start_time":"5035.759","end_time":"5036.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5036.259","end_time":"5036.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.803","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5036.95","end_time":"5037.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5037.089","end_time":"5037.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5037.759","end_time":"5037.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wanted"}],"start_time":"5037.779","end_time":"5038.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5038.06","end_time":"5038.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5038.149","end_time":"5038.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"5038.279","end_time":"5038.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"5038.419","end_time":"5038.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"5038.689","end_time":"5038.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5038.85","end_time":"5038.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"5038.959","end_time":"5039.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5039.75","end_time":"5040.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5040.52","end_time":"5040.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5040.859","end_time":"5040.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5040.899","end_time":"5041.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5041.009","end_time":"5041.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beginning"}],"start_time":"5041.25","end_time":"5041.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5041.669","end_time":"5041.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"after"}],"start_time":"5041.83","end_time":"5042.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5042.04","end_time":"5042.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"few"}],"start_time":"5042.06","end_time":"5042.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5042.29","end_time":"5042.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5042.47","end_time":"5042.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5042.569","end_time":"5042.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"5042.799","end_time":"5042.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"been"}],"start_time":"5042.99","end_time":"5043.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5043.149","end_time":"5043.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5044.229","end_time":"5044.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5044.56","end_time":"5044.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5044.669","end_time":"5044.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"look"}],"start_time":"5044.729","end_time":"5044.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5044.899","end_time":"5045.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Silicon"}],"start_time":"5045.009","end_time":"5045.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Valley"}],"start_time":"5045.41","end_time":"5045.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5046.47","end_time":"5046.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5046.709","end_time":"5046.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5046.89","end_time":"5047.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"generally"}],"start_time":"5047.39","end_time":"5048.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"Is"}],"start_time":"5048.6","end_time":"5048.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5048.839","end_time":"5048.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5048.99","end_time":"5049.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5049.169","end_time":"5049.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"5049.509","end_time":"5050.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"going"}],"start_time":"5050.029","end_time":"5050.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5050.33","end_time":"5050.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5050.41","end_time":"5050.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5050.549","end_time":"5050.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"center"}],"start_time":"5050.68","end_time":"5051.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5051.25","end_time":"5051.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"tech"}],"start_time":"5051.589","end_time":"5051.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5051.95","end_time":"5052.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5052.02","end_time":"5052.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"5052.14","end_time":"5052.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5052.549","end_time":"5052.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"5052.87","end_time":"5053.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5053.069","end_time":"5053.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5053.25","end_time":"5053.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5053.31","end_time":"5053.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5053.33","end_time":"5053.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advance"}],"start_time":"5053.66","end_time":"5054.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5054.799","end_time":"5055.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"For"}],"start_time":"5055.549","end_time":"5056.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5056.85","end_time":"5057.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5057.2","end_time":"5057.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5057.299","end_time":"5057.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"5057.39","end_time":"5057.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5057.689","end_time":"5057.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5057.77","end_time":"5057.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5057.99","end_time":"5058.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"main"}],"start_time":"5058.069","end_time":"5058.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"5058.31","end_time":"5058.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5058.569","end_time":"5058.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5058.689","end_time":"5058.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"5058.79","end_time":"5059.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.839","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5059.729","end_time":"5059.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.694","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5059.939","end_time":"5059.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5059.99","end_time":"5060.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"many"}],"start_time":"5060.25","end_time":"5060.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"V"}],"start_time":"5060.56","end_time":"5060.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"CS"}],"start_time":"5060.81","end_time":"5061.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5061.419","end_time":"5061.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"old"}],"start_time":"5061.99","end_time":"5062.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.833","content":"ex"}],"start_time":"5062.629","end_time":"5063.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Google"}],"start_time":"5063.18","end_time":"5063.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.177","content":"employs"}],"start_time":"5063.629","end_time":"5063.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5063.919","end_time":"5064.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"plenty"}],"start_time":"5064.149","end_time":"5064.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5064.629","end_time":"5064.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"millions"}],"start_time":"5064.75","end_time":"5065.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5065.169","end_time":"5065.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"invest"}],"start_time":"5065.29","end_time":"5065.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5066.089","end_time":"5066.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"basically"}],"start_time":"5066.359","end_time":"5066.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"any"}],"start_time":"5066.95","end_time":"5067.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.831","content":"ID"}],"start_time":"5067.189","end_time":"5067.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5067.47","end_time":"5068.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5068.109","end_time":"5068.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"live"}],"start_time":"5068.43","end_time":"5068.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5068.72","end_time":"5069.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5069.279","end_time":"5069.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5069.54","end_time":"5069.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5069.77","end_time":"5069.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"5069.939","end_time":"5070.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5070.16","end_time":"5070.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.554","content":"ID"}],"start_time":"5070.31","end_time":"5070.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5070.47","end_time":"5070.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"leave"}],"start_time":"5070.689","end_time":"5070.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"some"}],"start_time":"5070.79","end_time":"5071.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5071.06","end_time":"5071.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5071.169","end_time":"5071.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5071.43","end_time":"5071.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5071.81","end_time":"5071.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5071.879","end_time":"5072.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5072.12","end_time":"5072.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5072.229","end_time":"5072.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"5072.43","end_time":"5072.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5072.779","end_time":"5072.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5072.799","end_time":"5073.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"5073.009","end_time":"5073.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"5073.72","end_time":"5073.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5074.0","end_time":"5074.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"visit"}],"start_time":"5074.06","end_time":"5074.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5075.04","end_time":"5075.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5075.25","end_time":"5075.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5075.5","end_time":"5075.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"office"}],"start_time":"5075.569","end_time":"5075.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5075.879","end_time":"5075.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5075.95","end_time":"5076.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5076.069","end_time":"5076.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"5076.529","end_time":"5076.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5077.47","end_time":"5077.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"before"}],"start_time":"5077.589","end_time":"5078.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"office"}],"start_time":"5078.419","end_time":"5078.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5078.68","end_time":"5078.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5078.85","end_time":"5079.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5079.189","end_time":"5079.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5079.799","end_time":"5079.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5080.339","end_time":"5080.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Silicon"}],"start_time":"5080.379","end_time":"5081.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Valley"}],"start_time":"5081.06","end_time":"5081.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5081.27","end_time":"5081.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5081.439","end_time":"5081.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.815","content":"lived"}],"start_time":"5081.459","end_time":"5081.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"5081.729","end_time":"5081.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5081.859","end_time":"5082.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5082.12","end_time":"5082.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5082.899","end_time":"5083.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.837","content":"lived"}],"start_time":"5083.069","end_time":"5083.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"5083.43","end_time":"5083.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5083.64","end_time":"5084.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5084.029","end_time":"5084.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5084.259","end_time":"5084.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"family"}],"start_time":"5084.299","end_time":"5084.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"5084.68","end_time":"5084.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Can"}],"start_time":"5085.589","end_time":"5085.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5085.81","end_time":"5085.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5085.919","end_time":"5086.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5086.16","end_time":"5086.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5086.24","end_time":"5086.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5086.379","end_time":"5086.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"5086.87","end_time":"5086.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"now"}],"start_time":"5086.979","end_time":"5087.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.866","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"5087.72","end_time":"5087.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"5087.93","end_time":"5088.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5088.169","end_time":"5088.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5088.29","end_time":"5088.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5088.52","end_time":"5088.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5088.6","end_time":"5088.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Are"}],"start_time":"5089.319","end_time":"5089.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5089.529","end_time":"5089.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"getting"}],"start_time":"5089.609","end_time":"5089.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"bored"}],"start_time":"5089.839","end_time":"5090.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.908","content":"No"}],"start_time":"5090.35","end_time":"5090.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.411","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5091.169","end_time":"5091.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.897","content":"enjoying"}],"start_time":"5091.339","end_time":"5091.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.789","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5091.79","end_time":"5091.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5092.87","end_time":"5093.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5093.22","end_time":"5093.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5093.56","end_time":"5093.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5093.79","end_time":"5093.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"stretch"}],"start_time":"5093.839","end_time":"5094.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5094.129","end_time":"5094.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"5094.24","end_time":"5094.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5094.74","end_time":"5094.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5094.85","end_time":"5094.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5094.87","end_time":"5095.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5095.049","end_time":"5095.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5095.08","end_time":"5095.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5095.279","end_time":"5095.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5095.31","end_time":"5095.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5095.39","end_time":"5095.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.545","content":"Let's"}],"start_time":"5095.66","end_time":"5096.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5096.39","end_time":"5096.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5097.609","end_time":"5097.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5097.779","end_time":"5097.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mind"}],"start_time":"5097.95","end_time":"5098.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5098.12","end_time":"5098.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"asking"}],"start_time":"5098.22","end_time":"5098.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"5098.529","end_time":"5098.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"5098.77","end_time":"5098.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"5098.95","end_time":"5099.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"right"}],"start_time":"5099.43","end_time":"5099.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5099.649","end_time":"5099.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"all"}],"start_time":"5099.79","end_time":"5099.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5099.939","end_time":"5100.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5100.049","end_time":"5100.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5101.279","end_time":"5101.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.848","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5101.549","end_time":"5101.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5101.6","end_time":"5101.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feeling"}],"start_time":"5101.629","end_time":"5102.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"by"}],"start_time":"5102.06","end_time":"5102.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5102.25","end_time":"5102.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"5102.339","end_time":"5102.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5102.43","end_time":"5102.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5102.529","end_time":"5102.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.778","content":"Iiiii"}],"start_time":"5103.0","end_time":"5103.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5103.24","end_time":"5104.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"enjoy"}],"start_time":"5104.12","end_time":"5104.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5104.859","end_time":"5105.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.668","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5105.439","end_time":"5106.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.751","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5106.16","end_time":"5106.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5106.319","end_time":"5106.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5106.839","end_time":"5107.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"5107.16","end_time":"5107.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5107.29","end_time":"5107.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5107.37","end_time":"5107.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5107.39","end_time":"5107.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"5107.99","end_time":"5108.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5108.81","end_time":"5109.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5109.2","end_time":"5109.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"5109.45","end_time":"5109.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5109.839","end_time":"5110.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5110.25","end_time":"5110.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"getting"}],"start_time":"5110.339","end_time":"5110.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5110.62","end_time":"5110.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5110.7","end_time":"5111.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5111.54","end_time":"5111.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"5111.87","end_time":"5112.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5112.919","end_time":"5113.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5113.06","end_time":"5113.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5113.209","end_time":"5113.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5113.439","end_time":"5113.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5113.62","end_time":"5113.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5113.64","end_time":"5114.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5114.759","end_time":"5114.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5115.0","end_time":"5115.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.743","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5115.16","end_time":"5115.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5115.35","end_time":"5115.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"5115.37","end_time":"5115.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5115.609","end_time":"5115.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5115.7","end_time":"5115.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5115.95","end_time":"5116.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5116.02","end_time":"5116.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5116.16","end_time":"5116.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"5117.1","end_time":"5117.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.544","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5117.589","end_time":"5118.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"5118.359","end_time":"5118.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5118.879","end_time":"5119.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5119.27","end_time":"5119.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"5119.649","end_time":"5120.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"5120.049","end_time":"5120.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"come"}],"start_time":"5120.08","end_time":"5120.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5120.279","end_time":"5120.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5120.37","end_time":"5120.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"show"}],"start_time":"5120.45","end_time":"5120.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5121.009","end_time":"5121.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5121.339","end_time":"5121.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"5121.359","end_time":"5121.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"exercise"}],"start_time":"5121.709","end_time":"5122.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5122.209","end_time":"5122.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5122.33","end_time":"5122.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5122.479","end_time":"5122.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5122.7","end_time":"5122.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"5122.77","end_time":"5123.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5123.25","end_time":"5123.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5123.45","end_time":"5123.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"5123.609","end_time":"5123.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"intense"}],"start_time":"5123.91","end_time":"5124.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5124.729","end_time":"5125.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"5125.209","end_time":"5125.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"entrepreneurs"}],"start_time":"5125.91","end_time":"5126.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"enjoyed"}],"start_time":"5126.37","end_time":"5126.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"being"}],"start_time":"5126.759","end_time":"5127.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5127.189","end_time":"5127.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5127.33","end_time":"5127.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"5127.45","end_time":"5127.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5127.649","end_time":"5128.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5128.399","end_time":"5128.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5128.58","end_time":"5128.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5128.72","end_time":"5128.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5128.85","end_time":"5129.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5129.16","end_time":"5129.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5129.41","end_time":"5129.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.865","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5129.609","end_time":"5129.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.759","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5129.66","end_time":"5129.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5129.759","end_time":"5129.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reflect"}],"start_time":"5129.879","end_time":"5130.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5130.58","end_time":"5130.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5130.66","end_time":"5130.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5130.95","end_time":"5131.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5131.02","end_time":"5131.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5131.069","end_time":"5131.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5131.27","end_time":"5131.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5131.359","end_time":"5131.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"zone"}],"start_time":"5131.529","end_time":"5131.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5131.81","end_time":"5131.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.508","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5131.83","end_time":"5132.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"need"}],"start_time":"5132.189","end_time":"5132.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5132.279","end_time":"5132.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5132.359","end_time":"5132.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5132.54","end_time":"5132.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5132.64","end_time":"5132.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5132.85","end_time":"5133.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5133.069","end_time":"5133.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5133.089","end_time":"5133.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5133.58","end_time":"5133.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"subject"}],"start_time":"5133.77","end_time":"5134.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5134.25","end_time":"5134.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"these"}],"start_time":"5134.879","end_time":"5135.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"5135.2","end_time":"5135.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5135.649","end_time":"5135.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"used"}],"start_time":"5135.85","end_time":"5136.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5136.12","end_time":"5136.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5136.33","end_time":"5136.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5136.459","end_time":"5136.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.829","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5136.879","end_time":"5136.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5137.1","end_time":"5137.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"5137.549","end_time":"5138.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5138.109","end_time":"5138.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5138.25","end_time":"5138.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"5138.41","end_time":"5138.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"adding"}],"start_time":"5138.99","end_time":"5139.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5139.27","end_time":"5139.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5139.37","end_time":"5139.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"Not"}],"start_time":"5139.799","end_time":"5140.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5140.12","end_time":"5140.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5140.479","end_time":"5140.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5141.12","end_time":"5141.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5141.569","end_time":"5141.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5142.77","end_time":"5143.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"5143.049","end_time":"5143.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5143.759","end_time":"5143.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5143.93","end_time":"5144.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"find"}],"start_time":"5144.049","end_time":"5144.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5144.339","end_time":"5144.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5144.41","end_time":"5144.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"discussion"}],"start_time":"5144.529","end_time":"5144.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5144.979","end_time":"5145.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5145.109","end_time":"5145.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5145.18","end_time":"5145.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5145.45","end_time":"5145.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5145.589","end_time":"5145.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5146.069","end_time":"5146.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5146.25","end_time":"5146.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5146.359","end_time":"5146.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5146.549","end_time":"5146.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5146.569","end_time":"5146.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5146.729","end_time":"5146.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"5146.839","end_time":"5147.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"from"}],"start_time":"5147.049","end_time":"5147.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5147.319","end_time":"5147.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5147.759","end_time":"5148.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5148.009","end_time":"5148.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5148.189","end_time":"5148.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"no"}],"start_time":"5148.509","end_time":"5148.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"matter"}],"start_time":"5148.669","end_time":"5149.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"5150.169","end_time":"5150.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5150.839","end_time":"5151.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5151.109","end_time":"5151.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5151.279","end_time":"5151.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"adding"}],"start_time":"5151.39","end_time":"5151.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5151.64","end_time":"5151.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5151.66","end_time":"5151.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5151.87","end_time":"5151.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"value"}],"start_time":"5151.899","end_time":"5152.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5152.379","end_time":"5152.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.821","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5152.709","end_time":"5153.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.744","content":"why"}],"start_time":"5153.43","end_time":"5153.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5153.64","end_time":"5153.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"5153.759","end_time":"5154.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5154.149","end_time":"5154.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.741","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5154.319","end_time":"5154.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5154.52","end_time":"5154.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5154.79","end_time":"5154.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.507","content":"hear"}],"start_time":"5154.959","end_time":"5155.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5155.25","end_time":"5155.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"5155.459","end_time":"5155.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5155.649","end_time":"5155.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5155.83","end_time":"5155.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.703","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5155.919","end_time":"5155.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"going"}],"start_time":"5155.95","end_time":"5156.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5156.089","end_time":"5156.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5156.12","end_time":"5156.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"international"}],"start_time":"5156.259","end_time":"5156.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"viewers"}],"start_time":"5156.759","end_time":"5157.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5157.04","end_time":"5157.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"well"}],"start_time":"5157.2","end_time":"5157.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5157.33","end_time":"5157.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"5157.6","end_time":"5157.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5157.74","end_time":"5158.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5158.009","end_time":"5158.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"spoken"}],"start_time":"5158.25","end_time":"5158.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5158.62","end_time":"5158.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5158.779","end_time":"5158.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"5158.899","end_time":"5159.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"audiences"}],"start_time":"5159.169","end_time":"5159.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5159.729","end_time":"5159.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5159.799","end_time":"5159.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"5159.859","end_time":"5160.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"spoken"}],"start_time":"5160.02","end_time":"5160.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5160.39","end_time":"5160.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5160.56","end_time":"5160.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5161.14","end_time":"5161.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5161.33","end_time":"5161.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5161.35","end_time":"5161.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5161.649","end_time":"5161.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5161.72","end_time":"5161.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5161.95","end_time":"5162.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5162.189","end_time":"5162.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"5162.259","end_time":"5162.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5162.75","end_time":"5162.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"businesses"}],"start_time":"5162.79","end_time":"5163.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5163.29","end_time":"5163.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5163.339","end_time":"5163.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5164.93","end_time":"5165.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5165.299","end_time":"5165.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5165.759","end_time":"5166.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5166.129","end_time":"5166.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"5166.169","end_time":"5166.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5166.41","end_time":"5166.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5167.08","end_time":"5167.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"solution"}],"start_time":"5167.45","end_time":"5167.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5167.95","end_time":"5168.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"5168.049","end_time":"5168.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5168.31","end_time":"5168.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5168.359","end_time":"5168.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.604","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5168.569","end_time":"5168.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.562","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"5168.66","end_time":"5168.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"been"}],"start_time":"5168.83","end_time":"5168.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"5168.99","end_time":"5169.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5169.259","end_time":"5169.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"question"}],"start_time":"5169.379","end_time":"5169.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"abroad"}],"start_time":"5169.74","end_time":"5170.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5170.08","end_time":"5170.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5170.549","end_time":"5170.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5170.66","end_time":"5171.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5171.029","end_time":"5171.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"5171.089","end_time":"5171.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5171.279","end_time":"5171.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tie"}],"start_time":"5171.37","end_time":"5171.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5171.629","end_time":"5171.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5171.66","end_time":"5171.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5171.879","end_time":"5171.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"5171.939","end_time":"5172.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"partner"}],"start_time":"5172.27","end_time":"5172.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5172.649","end_time":"5172.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"5172.779","end_time":"5173.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5173.35","end_time":"5173.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5173.799","end_time":"5173.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"team"}],"start_time":"5173.87","end_time":"5174.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mentality"}],"start_time":"5174.169","end_time":"5174.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"5174.87","end_time":"5175.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5175.18","end_time":"5175.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5175.41","end_time":"5175.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5175.509","end_time":"5175.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"value"}],"start_time":"5175.689","end_time":"5176.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5176.81","end_time":"5176.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"find"}],"start_time":"5177.069","end_time":"5177.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.797","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5179.93","end_time":"5180.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5181.22","end_time":"5181.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5181.529","end_time":"5181.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"5181.549","end_time":"5181.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5181.759","end_time":"5182.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5182.029","end_time":"5182.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5182.39","end_time":"5182.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"5182.569","end_time":"5182.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"until"}],"start_time":"5182.939","end_time":"5183.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"today's"}],"start_time":"5183.39","end_time":"5183.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"5183.689","end_time":"5184.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"5184.16","end_time":"5184.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"I'll"}],"start_time":"5184.229","end_time":"5184.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5184.31","end_time":"5184.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"send"}],"start_time":"5184.47","end_time":"5184.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5184.629","end_time":"5184.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5184.75","end_time":"5184.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"5184.919","end_time":"5185.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Look"}],"start_time":"5185.45","end_time":"5185.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5185.68","end_time":"5185.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5185.72","end_time":"5185.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.878","content":"guy's"}],"start_time":"5185.87","end_time":"5186.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"story"}],"start_time":"5186.069","end_time":"5186.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.736","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5187.37","end_time":"5187.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Maybe"}],"start_time":"5189.069","end_time":"5189.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"5189.459","end_time":"5189.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5189.759","end_time":"5189.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5189.89","end_time":"5190.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5190.129","end_time":"5190.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5190.299","end_time":"5190.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5191.259","end_time":"5191.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"5191.759","end_time":"5192.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"question"}],"start_time":"5192.089","end_time":"5192.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5192.58","end_time":"5192.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5192.85","end_time":"5193.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5193.419","end_time":"5194.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5194.02","end_time":"5194.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"other"}],"start_time":"5194.279","end_time":"5194.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"foreigner"}],"start_time":"5194.66","end_time":"5195.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"founders"}],"start_time":"5195.419","end_time":"5195.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5195.979","end_time":"5196.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5196.049","end_time":"5196.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"founders"}],"start_time":"5196.1","end_time":"5196.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"5196.689","end_time":"5196.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"5196.83","end_time":"5197.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"countries"}],"start_time":"5197.02","end_time":"5197.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"who"}],"start_time":"5197.359","end_time":"5197.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5197.399","end_time":"5197.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5197.64","end_time":"5197.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"5197.689","end_time":"5198.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5198.129","end_time":"5198.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5198.2","end_time":"5198.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"5198.379","end_time":"5198.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"What's"}],"start_time":"5199.06","end_time":"5199.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5199.43","end_time":"5199.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"advice"}],"start_time":"5199.609","end_time":"5199.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5199.919","end_time":"5200.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5200.029","end_time":"5200.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5200.5","end_time":"5200.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5200.54","end_time":"5200.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5200.85","end_time":"5200.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5200.879","end_time":"5201.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5201.129","end_time":"5201.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5201.31","end_time":"5201.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.881","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5201.93","end_time":"5201.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5201.95","end_time":"5202.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5202.939","end_time":"5202.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"book"}],"start_time":"5202.959","end_time":"5204.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5204.129","end_time":"5204.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"flight"}],"start_time":"5204.149","end_time":"5204.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ticket"}],"start_time":"5204.509","end_time":"5204.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5205.08","end_time":"5205.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"come"}],"start_time":"5205.379","end_time":"5205.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5205.879","end_time":"5206.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5206.049","end_time":"5206.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"5206.069","end_time":"5206.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"weeks"}],"start_time":"5206.339","end_time":"5206.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"discuss"}],"start_time":"5207.149","end_time":"5207.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5208.0","end_time":"5208.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5208.06","end_time":"5208.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"5208.359","end_time":"5208.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5208.56","end_time":"5209.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5209.049","end_time":"5209.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5209.25","end_time":"5209.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.666","content":"general"}],"start_time":"5209.339","end_time":"5209.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.749","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5209.569","end_time":"5209.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5209.62","end_time":"5209.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.651","content":"entrepreneurial"}],"start_time":"5209.879","end_time":"5210.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"5210.359","end_time":"5210.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5210.95","end_time":"5211.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5211.18","end_time":"5211.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5211.31","end_time":"5211.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"5211.439","end_time":"5211.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5211.66","end_time":"5211.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"relationship"}],"start_time":"5211.819","end_time":"5212.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5212.319","end_time":"5212.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5212.459","end_time":"5212.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5212.58","end_time":"5212.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"start"}],"start_time":"5213.29","end_time":"5213.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"using"}],"start_time":"5213.979","end_time":"5214.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5214.459","end_time":"5214.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developing"}],"start_time":"5214.62","end_time":"5215.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Just"}],"start_time":"5215.549","end_time":"5215.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5215.899","end_time":"5215.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"matter"}],"start_time":"5215.919","end_time":"5216.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5216.1","end_time":"5216.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5216.379","end_time":"5216.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5216.87","end_time":"5216.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"did"}],"start_time":"5216.89","end_time":"5217.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5217.129","end_time":"5217.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5217.27","end_time":"5217.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5217.399","end_time":"5217.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5217.689","end_time":"5217.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5217.879","end_time":"5217.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5218.0","end_time":"5218.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"once"}],"start_time":"5218.419","end_time":"5218.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5218.859","end_time":"5219.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"once"}],"start_time":"5219.06","end_time":"5219.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5219.459","end_time":"5219.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5219.52","end_time":"5219.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5219.649","end_time":"5219.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"5219.91","end_time":"5220.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"naturally"}],"start_time":"5220.759","end_time":"5221.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"5221.54","end_time":"5222.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5222.779","end_time":"5223.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5223.1","end_time":"5223.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"whole"}],"start_time":"5223.339","end_time":"5223.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"angle"}],"start_time":"5223.979","end_time":"5224.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5224.43","end_time":"5224.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5224.62","end_time":"5224.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"population"}],"start_time":"5224.7","end_time":"5225.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"being"}],"start_time":"5225.259","end_time":"5225.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"really"}],"start_time":"5225.45","end_time":"5225.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5225.74","end_time":"5226.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5226.509","end_time":"5226.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5226.779","end_time":"5226.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5226.799","end_time":"5227.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"legitimate"}],"start_time":"5227.18","end_time":"5227.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"5227.819","end_time":"5228.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5228.25","end_time":"5228.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5228.379","end_time":"5228.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"5228.56","end_time":"5228.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"right"}],"start_time":"5228.87","end_time":"5228.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5228.979","end_time":"5229.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5229.06","end_time":"5229.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5229.339","end_time":"5229.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"5229.379","end_time":"5229.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"size"}],"start_time":"5229.759","end_time":"5229.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5229.95","end_time":"5230.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5230.109","end_time":"5230.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5230.259","end_time":"5230.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5230.87","end_time":"5231.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5231.12","end_time":"5231.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"5231.209","end_time":"5231.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5231.819","end_time":"5232.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"8%"}],"start_time":"5232.109","end_time":"5232.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.86","content":"growth"}],"start_time":"5232.689","end_time":"5233.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5233.029","end_time":"5233.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.616","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5233.24","end_time":"5233.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"GDP"}],"start_time":"5233.279","end_time":"5233.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"per"}],"start_time":"5233.66","end_time":"5233.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"year"}],"start_time":"5233.799","end_time":"5234.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5234.1","end_time":"5234.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bigger"}],"start_time":"5234.52","end_time":"5234.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5234.91","end_time":"5235.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5235.169","end_time":"5235.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5235.209","end_time":"5235.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"population"}],"start_time":"5235.229","end_time":"5235.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.942","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5235.799","end_time":"5235.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"becoming"}],"start_time":"5235.91","end_time":"5236.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"richer"}],"start_time":"5236.279","end_time":"5236.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5236.54","end_time":"5236.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5236.56","end_time":"5236.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"population"}],"start_time":"5236.819","end_time":"5237.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.894","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5237.35","end_time":"5237.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"becoming"}],"start_time":"5237.459","end_time":"5237.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"richer"}],"start_time":"5237.819","end_time":"5238.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"5238.72","end_time":"5239.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5239.08","end_time":"5239.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"5239.209","end_time":"5239.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"logic"}],"start_time":"5239.74","end_time":"5240.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5240.069","end_time":"5240.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"being"}],"start_time":"5240.33","end_time":"5240.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"here"}],"start_time":"5240.54","end_time":"5240.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"right"}],"start_time":"5240.819","end_time":"5241.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"5241.189","end_time":"5241.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5241.52","end_time":"5241.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5241.56","end_time":"5241.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"end"}],"start_time":"5241.7","end_time":"5241.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5241.879","end_time":"5241.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5241.97","end_time":"5242.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"day"}],"start_time":"5242.04","end_time":"5242.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"5242.14","end_time":"5242.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"has"}],"start_time":"5242.52","end_time":"5242.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5242.72","end_time":"5242.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5242.819","end_time":"5242.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5242.91","end_time":"5242.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"little"}],"start_time":"5242.93","end_time":"5243.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ruthless"}],"start_time":"5243.16","end_time":"5243.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5243.549","end_time":"5243.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.685","content":"mat"}],"start_time":"5243.66","end_time":"5243.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mathematical"}],"start_time":"5243.99","end_time":"5244.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"For"}],"start_time":"5244.859","end_time":"5245.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5245.08","end_time":"5245.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5245.259","end_time":"5245.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5245.459","end_time":"5245.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"initial"}],"start_time":"5245.74","end_time":"5246.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reason"}],"start_time":"5246.089","end_time":"5246.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5246.41","end_time":"5246.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"went"}],"start_time":"5246.43","end_time":"5246.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5246.759","end_time":"5246.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5246.839","end_time":"5247.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5247.109","end_time":"5247.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5247.25","end_time":"5247.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.859","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5247.839","end_time":"5248.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5248.049","end_time":"5248.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5248.14","end_time":"5248.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"5248.41","end_time":"5248.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5248.649","end_time":"5248.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"fast"}],"start_time":"5248.81","end_time":"5249.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5249.089","end_time":"5249.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"5249.169","end_time":"5249.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5250.129","end_time":"5250.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5251.009","end_time":"5251.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5251.029","end_time":"5251.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5251.39","end_time":"5251.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"small"}],"start_time":"5251.41","end_time":"5251.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"5251.649","end_time":"5251.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5252.0","end_time":"5252.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"20"}],"start_time":"5252.18","end_time":"5252.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"5252.54","end_time":"5252.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5252.979","end_time":"5253.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5253.169","end_time":"5253.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"went"}],"start_time":"5253.189","end_time":"5253.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5253.439","end_time":"5253.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5253.49","end_time":"5253.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5254.259","end_time":"5254.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5254.49","end_time":"5254.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5254.609","end_time":"5254.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"grow"}],"start_time":"5254.669","end_time":"5254.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fast"}],"start_time":"5254.919","end_time":"5255.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5255.5","end_time":"5255.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5255.589","end_time":"5255.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"signing"}],"start_time":"5255.75","end_time":"5256.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"project"}],"start_time":"5256.1","end_time":"5256.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5256.58","end_time":"5256.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5256.74","end_time":"5257.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5257.419","end_time":"5258.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5258.569","end_time":"5258.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"revenue"}],"start_time":"5258.93","end_time":"5259.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5259.33","end_time":"5259.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5259.439","end_time":"5259.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"project"}],"start_time":"5259.5","end_time":"5259.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5259.839","end_time":"5259.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bigger"}],"start_time":"5259.979","end_time":"5260.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5260.27","end_time":"5260.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5260.379","end_time":"5260.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"turnover"}],"start_time":"5260.509","end_time":"5261.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"5261.049","end_time":"5261.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"presenting"}],"start_time":"5261.29","end_time":"5261.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"year"}],"start_time":"5261.64","end_time":"5262.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5262.169","end_time":"5262.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bigger"}],"start_time":"5262.39","end_time":"5262.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"project"}],"start_time":"5262.77","end_time":"5263.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5263.049","end_time":"5263.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5263.25","end_time":"5263.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5263.379","end_time":"5263.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"turnover"}],"start_time":"5263.569","end_time":"5264.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5264.459","end_time":"5264.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"once"}],"start_time":"5264.689","end_time":"5264.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5264.939","end_time":"5265.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5265.029","end_time":"5265.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5265.22","end_time":"5265.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5265.459","end_time":"5265.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"5265.6","end_time":"5265.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"5265.959","end_time":"5266.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5266.2","end_time":"5266.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"5266.609","end_time":"5267.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5267.609","end_time":"5267.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"set"}],"start_time":"5267.859","end_time":"5268.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5268.069","end_time":"5268.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5268.18","end_time":"5268.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"team"}],"start_time":"5268.24","end_time":"5268.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5268.49","end_time":"5268.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"deliver"}],"start_time":"5268.569","end_time":"5268.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5268.97","end_time":"5269.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"client"}],"start_time":"5269.009","end_time":"5269.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5269.939","end_time":"5270.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5270.129","end_time":"5270.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"5270.169","end_time":"5270.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5270.529","end_time":"5270.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"faced"}],"start_time":"5270.589","end_time":"5270.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5270.97","end_time":"5271.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"5271.049","end_time":"5271.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5271.959","end_time":"5272.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5272.459","end_time":"5272.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5272.81","end_time":"5272.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"5272.83","end_time":"5273.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5273.33","end_time":"5273.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5273.43","end_time":"5273.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"20"}],"start_time":"5273.609","end_time":"5273.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.873","content":"reports"}],"start_time":"5273.93","end_time":"5274.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5274.47","end_time":"5274.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5274.7","end_time":"5274.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"5274.72","end_time":"5275.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"20"}],"start_time":"5275.009","end_time":"5275.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5275.29","end_time":"5275.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5275.56","end_time":"5275.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5275.87","end_time":"5276.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5276.06","end_time":"5276.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"6"}],"start_time":"5276.24","end_time":"5276.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5276.509","end_time":"5276.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"9"}],"start_time":"5276.589","end_time":"5276.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"months"}],"start_time":"5276.77","end_time":"5277.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5277.549","end_time":"5277.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5277.779","end_time":"5277.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5277.979","end_time":"5278.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5278.49","end_time":"5278.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5278.77","end_time":"5278.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5278.79","end_time":"5279.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"signed"}],"start_time":"5279.109","end_time":"5279.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5279.31","end_time":"5279.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"client"}],"start_time":"5279.33","end_time":"5279.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5279.74","end_time":"5279.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5279.879","end_time":"5279.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"5279.899","end_time":"5280.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5280.25","end_time":"5280.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"5280.299","end_time":"5280.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"away"}],"start_time":"5280.58","end_time":"5280.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5281.069","end_time":"5281.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.003","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5281.279","end_time":"5281.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.69","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5281.319","end_time":"5281.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.473","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5281.479","end_time":"5281.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5281.58","end_time":"5281.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5281.879","end_time":"5281.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5281.95","end_time":"5282.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5282.2","end_time":"5282.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5282.339","end_time":"5282.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"5282.41","end_time":"5282.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5282.939","end_time":"5283.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5283.479","end_time":"5283.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"5283.529","end_time":"5284.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"It"}],"start_time":"5284.299","end_time":"5284.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5284.56","end_time":"5284.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5284.759","end_time":"5284.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5284.93","end_time":"5284.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"5284.95","end_time":"5285.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5285.359","end_time":"5285.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5285.64","end_time":"5285.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"grow"}],"start_time":"5285.66","end_time":"5286.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"faster"}],"start_time":"5286.149","end_time":"5286.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5287.129","end_time":"5287.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5287.779","end_time":"5287.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5287.979","end_time":"5288.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5288.2","end_time":"5288.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5288.5","end_time":"5288.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5288.56","end_time":"5288.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5288.75","end_time":"5288.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"before"}],"start_time":"5288.85","end_time":"5289.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5289.109","end_time":"5289.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5289.41","end_time":"5289.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5289.47","end_time":"5289.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"end"}],"start_time":"5289.5","end_time":"5289.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5289.68","end_time":"5289.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"wanted"}],"start_time":"5289.7","end_time":"5289.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5289.95","end_time":"5290.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"5290.06","end_time":"5290.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5290.379","end_time":"5290.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"5290.439","end_time":"5290.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5291.189","end_time":"5291.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5291.669","end_time":"5291.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"recruited"}],"start_time":"5291.689","end_time":"5292.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"5292.29","end_time":"5292.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5292.669","end_time":"5292.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5292.879","end_time":"5293.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5293.109","end_time":"5293.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5293.14","end_time":"5293.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5293.27","end_time":"5293.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5293.5","end_time":"5293.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5293.859","end_time":"5294.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"catch"}],"start_time":"5294.259","end_time":"5294.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5294.6","end_time":"5294.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5294.97","end_time":"5295.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.605","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5295.16","end_time":"5295.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5295.49","end_time":"5295.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5295.62","end_time":"5295.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sitting"}],"start_time":"5295.77","end_time":"5296.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5296.069","end_time":"5296.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5296.109","end_time":"5296.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"5297.779","end_time":"5298.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5298.299","end_time":"5298.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"5298.66","end_time":"5298.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5298.859","end_time":"5298.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"come"}],"start_time":"5298.939","end_time":"5299.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5299.24","end_time":"5299.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5299.359","end_time":"5299.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5299.52","end_time":"5299.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5299.64","end_time":"5299.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"has"}],"start_time":"5300.0","end_time":"5300.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5300.259","end_time":"5300.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developer"}],"start_time":"5301.089","end_time":"5302.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"access"}],"start_time":"5302.08","end_time":"5302.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"Oh"}],"start_time":"5302.72","end_time":"5302.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Everyone"}],"start_time":"5302.859","end_time":"5303.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"5303.29","end_time":"5303.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5303.49","end_time":"5303.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"5303.72","end_time":"5304.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5304.12","end_time":"5304.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5304.2","end_time":"5304.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"tech"}],"start_time":"5304.25","end_time":"5304.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"world"}],"start_time":"5304.439","end_time":"5304.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.908","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"5304.649","end_time":"5305.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5305.419","end_time":"5305.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5305.589","end_time":"5305.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.533","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5305.939","end_time":"5306.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.106","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5306.209","end_time":"5306.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5306.25","end_time":"5306.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"center"}],"start_time":"5306.29","end_time":"5306.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5306.549","end_time":"5306.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5306.689","end_time":"5306.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"world"}],"start_time":"5306.79","end_time":"5307.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"5307.08","end_time":"5307.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"5307.45","end_time":"5307.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5307.629","end_time":"5307.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5309.33","end_time":"5309.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.676","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"5309.54","end_time":"5309.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"heard"}],"start_time":"5309.689","end_time":"5309.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5309.819","end_time":"5309.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"invoices"}],"start_time":"5310.129","end_time":"5310.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5310.479","end_time":"5310.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"T"}],"start_time":"5310.93","end_time":"5311.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"CS"}],"start_time":"5311.129","end_time":"5311.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5311.5","end_time":"5311.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"course"}],"start_time":"5311.93","end_time":"5312.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.758","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5312.169","end_time":"5312.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.466","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5312.419","end_time":"5312.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5312.629","end_time":"5312.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"heard"}],"start_time":"5312.729","end_time":"5312.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5312.97","end_time":"5313.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5313.02","end_time":"5313.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"before"}],"start_time":"5313.16","end_time":"5313.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5313.41","end_time":"5313.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"5313.529","end_time":"5313.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5313.779","end_time":"5313.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5313.859","end_time":"5314.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5315.0","end_time":"5315.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"5315.169","end_time":"5315.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5315.35","end_time":"5315.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5315.45","end_time":"5315.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"look"}],"start_time":"5315.52","end_time":"5315.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5315.75","end_time":"5315.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.282","content":"invoices"}],"start_time":"5316.02","end_time":"5316.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5316.22","end_time":"5316.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9445","content":"TC"}],"start_time":"5316.379","end_time":"5316.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.896","content":"si"}],"start_time":"5316.64","end_time":"5317.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"never"}],"start_time":"5317.7","end_time":"5318.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"work"}],"start_time":"5318.009","end_time":"5318.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5318.169","end_time":"5318.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5318.229","end_time":"5318.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5318.459","end_time":"5318.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5318.569","end_time":"5318.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5318.589","end_time":"5318.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5318.87","end_time":"5319.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5319.169","end_time":"5319.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5319.37","end_time":"5319.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.524","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5319.549","end_time":"5319.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5319.62","end_time":"5319.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"heard"}],"start_time":"5319.709","end_time":"5319.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5319.899","end_time":"5320.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5320.52","end_time":"5320.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"5320.58","end_time":"5320.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"T"}],"start_time":"5321.04","end_time":"5321.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"CS"}],"start_time":"5321.359","end_time":"5321.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5321.649","end_time":"5321.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9963333333333333","content":"400,000"}],"start_time":"5321.759","end_time":"5322.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5322.609","end_time":"5323.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Can"}],"start_time":"5323.509","end_time":"5323.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5323.74","end_time":"5323.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"imagine"}],"start_time":"5323.819","end_time":"5324.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"400"}],"start_time":"5324.24","end_time":"5324.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"thousands"}],"start_time":"5324.93","end_time":"5325.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.438","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5325.7","end_time":"5325.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5326.0","end_time":"5326.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"huge"}],"start_time":"5326.419","end_time":"5326.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5327.479","end_time":"5327.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"saw"}],"start_time":"5327.589","end_time":"5327.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5327.85","end_time":"5327.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"reading"}],"start_time":"5327.95","end_time":"5328.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5328.35","end_time":"5328.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"book"}],"start_time":"5328.37","end_time":"5328.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5328.589","end_time":"5328.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5328.87","end_time":"5329.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.953","content":"Tata"}],"start_time":"5329.009","end_time":"5329.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"group"}],"start_time":"5329.31","end_time":"5329.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.784","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5329.7","end_time":"5329.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5329.729","end_time":"5329.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5329.79","end_time":"5330.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.736","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"5330.24","end_time":"5330.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.531","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5330.959","end_time":"5331.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.677","content":"page"}],"start_time":"5331.069","end_time":"5331.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"20"}],"start_time":"5331.12","end_time":"5331.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5331.47","end_time":"5331.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5331.529","end_time":"5331.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"5331.709","end_time":"5331.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.755","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5331.959","end_time":"5332.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5332.009","end_time":"5332.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reading"}],"start_time":"5332.04","end_time":"5332.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5332.359","end_time":"5332.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.763","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5333.029","end_time":"5333.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"read"}],"start_time":"5333.149","end_time":"5333.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5333.5","end_time":"5333.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5333.52","end_time":"5333.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5333.75","end_time":"5333.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"books"}],"start_time":"5333.859","end_time":"5334.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5334.58","end_time":"5334.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"specifically"}],"start_time":"5334.83","end_time":"5335.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.744","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5335.549","end_time":"5335.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.919","content":"Tata"}],"start_time":"5335.62","end_time":"5335.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Group"}],"start_time":"5335.91","end_time":"5336.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"book"}],"start_time":"5336.14","end_time":"5336.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.745","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5336.31","end_time":"5336.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reading"}],"start_time":"5336.45","end_time":"5336.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5336.609","end_time":"5336.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5336.899","end_time":"5337.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5337.1","end_time":"5337.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5337.149","end_time":"5337.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5337.83","end_time":"5338.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"5338.12","end_time":"5338.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5338.83","end_time":"5339.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5339.149","end_time":"5339.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5339.169","end_time":"5339.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5339.39","end_time":"5339.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5339.41","end_time":"5339.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5339.56","end_time":"5339.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"read"}],"start_time":"5339.629","end_time":"5339.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5340.0","end_time":"5340.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"before"}],"start_time":"5340.049","end_time":"5340.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"5340.45","end_time":"5340.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5340.689","end_time":"5340.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5340.81","end_time":"5341.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5341.319","end_time":"5341.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5341.649","end_time":"5341.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5341.79","end_time":"5341.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5341.979","end_time":"5342.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5342.049","end_time":"5342.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"book"}],"start_time":"5342.149","end_time":"5342.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.742","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5342.43","end_time":"5342.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"reading"}],"start_time":"5342.529","end_time":"5343.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.822","content":"now"}],"start_time":"5343.06","end_time":"5343.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Ok"}],"start_time":"5343.089","end_time":"5343.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Coming"}],"start_time":"5344.41","end_time":"5344.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"5344.77","end_time":"5344.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5344.99","end_time":"5345.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5345.14","end_time":"5345.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5346.22","end_time":"5346.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"three"}],"start_time":"5346.87","end_time":"5347.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5347.279","end_time":"5347.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5347.56","end_time":"5347.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Silicon"}],"start_time":"5347.669","end_time":"5348.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Valley"}],"start_time":"5348.049","end_time":"5348.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5348.56","end_time":"5348.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"live"}],"start_time":"5348.75","end_time":"5348.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5349.0","end_time":"5349.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.874","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"5349.259","end_time":"5349.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.866","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5349.83","end_time":"5350.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Tell"}],"start_time":"5350.04","end_time":"5350.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5350.649","end_time":"5350.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5350.75","end_time":"5351.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"man"}],"start_time":"5351.189","end_time":"5351.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5351.399","end_time":"5351.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5351.64","end_time":"5352.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5352.009","end_time":"5352.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5352.16","end_time":"5352.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5352.299","end_time":"5352.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5352.64","end_time":"5353.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"5353.029","end_time":"5353.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5353.33","end_time":"5353.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5353.419","end_time":"5353.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversations"}],"start_time":"5353.509","end_time":"5354.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5354.189","end_time":"5354.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Did"}],"start_time":"5354.979","end_time":"5355.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5355.31","end_time":"5355.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"5355.41","end_time":"5355.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5355.91","end_time":"5356.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5356.47","end_time":"5356.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"view"}],"start_time":"5356.49","end_time":"5357.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5357.299","end_time":"5357.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5357.45","end_time":"5357.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"5357.56","end_time":"5358.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Did"}],"start_time":"5358.97","end_time":"5359.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5359.259","end_time":"5359.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5359.35","end_time":"5359.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversations"}],"start_time":"5359.549","end_time":"5360.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5360.129","end_time":"5360.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"A"}],"start_time":"5360.39","end_time":"5360.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5360.49","end_time":"5360.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"back"}],"start_time":"5360.609","end_time":"5360.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5360.939","end_time":"5361.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Which"}],"start_time":"5361.049","end_time":"5361.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"year"}],"start_time":"5361.2","end_time":"5361.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5361.5","end_time":"5361.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5361.6","end_time":"5361.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.778","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5361.79","end_time":"5361.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.72","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5361.83","end_time":"5361.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"5361.87","end_time":"5361.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5361.95","end_time":"5361.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"eight"}],"start_time":"5362.279","end_time":"5363.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.921","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5363.839","end_time":"5364.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"5365.75","end_time":"5366.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5366.1","end_time":"5366.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9944999999999999","content":"2015"}],"start_time":"5366.93","end_time":"5367.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"around"}],"start_time":"5368.06","end_time":"5368.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5368.74","end_time":"5368.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5368.979","end_time":"5369.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5369.72","end_time":"5370.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5370.29","end_time":"5370.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5370.33","end_time":"5370.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5370.56","end_time":"5370.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.446","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5371.02","end_time":"5371.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"opening"}],"start_time":"5371.41","end_time":"5371.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"all"}],"start_time":"5371.859","end_time":"5372.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5372.04","end_time":"5372.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"5372.18","end_time":"5372.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"back"}],"start_time":"5372.439","end_time":"5372.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"nobody"}],"start_time":"5373.83","end_time":"5374.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5374.2","end_time":"5374.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"5374.319","end_time":"5374.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5374.58","end_time":"5375.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5375.06","end_time":"5375.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5375.33","end_time":"5375.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5375.439","end_time":"5375.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5376.25","end_time":"5376.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.929","content":"enjoyed"}],"start_time":"5376.479","end_time":"5376.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.734","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5376.859","end_time":"5376.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5376.899","end_time":"5377.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5377.049","end_time":"5377.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5377.16","end_time":"5377.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"5377.85","end_time":"5378.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5378.209","end_time":"5378.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5378.479","end_time":"5379.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5379.049","end_time":"5379.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5380.069","end_time":"5380.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"prefer"}],"start_time":"5380.149","end_time":"5380.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5380.54","end_time":"5380.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5380.85","end_time":"5381.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5381.259","end_time":"5381.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5381.649","end_time":"5382.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5382.149","end_time":"5382.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5382.24","end_time":"5382.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"5382.299","end_time":"5382.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5382.77","end_time":"5382.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5382.93","end_time":"5383.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5383.5","end_time":"5383.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5383.569","end_time":"5384.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5384.08","end_time":"5384.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5384.52","end_time":"5384.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5384.649","end_time":"5384.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5384.899","end_time":"5385.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5385.209","end_time":"5385.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"5385.379","end_time":"5385.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"It"}],"start_time":"5386.319","end_time":"5386.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"looks"}],"start_time":"5386.609","end_time":"5387.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5387.009","end_time":"5387.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5387.229","end_time":"5387.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"European"}],"start_time":"5387.25","end_time":"5388.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5388.129","end_time":"5388.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"city"}],"start_time":"5388.149","end_time":"5389.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5389.459","end_time":"5390.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5390.169","end_time":"5390.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5390.419","end_time":"5390.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5390.529","end_time":"5390.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"closest"}],"start_time":"5390.629","end_time":"5391.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5391.049","end_time":"5391.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5391.129","end_time":"5391.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5391.259","end_time":"5391.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"5391.419","end_time":"5391.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5391.6","end_time":"5391.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"European"}],"start_time":"5391.62","end_time":"5392.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"city"}],"start_time":"5392.14","end_time":"5392.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5392.439","end_time":"5392.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5392.529","end_time":"5392.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5392.93","end_time":"5392.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5392.95","end_time":"5393.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"5393.14","end_time":"5393.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5393.899","end_time":"5394.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5394.729","end_time":"5394.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5394.919","end_time":"5395.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.693","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5395.12","end_time":"5395.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5395.209","end_time":"5395.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5395.24","end_time":"5395.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5395.35","end_time":"5395.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5395.5","end_time":"5395.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5395.79","end_time":"5395.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5395.91","end_time":"5395.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5395.939","end_time":"5396.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5396.25","end_time":"5396.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5396.54","end_time":"5396.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5396.649","end_time":"5396.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"5396.729","end_time":"5397.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5397.649","end_time":"5398.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5398.479","end_time":"5398.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5398.649","end_time":"5398.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"US"}],"start_time":"5398.779","end_time":"5399.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5399.029","end_time":"5399.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5399.209","end_time":"5399.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5399.49","end_time":"5399.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"5399.89","end_time":"5400.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"here"}],"start_time":"5400.149","end_time":"5400.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5401.14","end_time":"5401.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"5403.729","end_time":"5404.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"5404.399","end_time":"5404.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5404.939","end_time":"5405.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5405.129","end_time":"5405.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"totally"}],"start_time":"5405.149","end_time":"5406.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5406.129","end_time":"5406.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"approach"}],"start_time":"5406.49","end_time":"5406.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5406.839","end_time":"5406.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"purchasing"}],"start_time":"5406.95","end_time":"5407.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5407.439","end_time":"5407.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"software"}],"start_time":"5407.459","end_time":"5407.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5408.509","end_time":"5408.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5408.549","end_time":"5409.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5409.04","end_time":"5409.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"told"}],"start_time":"5409.06","end_time":"5409.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5409.379","end_time":"5409.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5409.52","end_time":"5409.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"starts"}],"start_time":"5409.58","end_time":"5409.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5409.939","end_time":"5410.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5410.06","end_time":"5410.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"price"}],"start_time":"5410.12","end_time":"5410.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5410.45","end_time":"5410.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5410.52","end_time":"5410.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"does"}],"start_time":"5410.72","end_time":"5410.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5410.859","end_time":"5410.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"cost"}],"start_time":"5410.939","end_time":"5411.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5411.299","end_time":"5411.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5411.41","end_time":"5411.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.431","content":"I'll"}],"start_time":"5411.589","end_time":"5411.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"5411.64","end_time":"5411.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5411.81","end_time":"5411.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5411.899","end_time":"5411.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"5411.99","end_time":"5412.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5412.29","end_time":"5412.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5412.419","end_time":"5412.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5412.479","end_time":"5412.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5412.689","end_time":"5412.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5412.74","end_time":"5412.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5412.95","end_time":"5413.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5413.229","end_time":"5413.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5413.299","end_time":"5413.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"5413.419","end_time":"5413.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5413.649","end_time":"5413.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5413.79","end_time":"5413.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5413.859","end_time":"5414.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"An"}],"start_time":"5414.399","end_time":"5414.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5414.54","end_time":"5415.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5415.22","end_time":"5415.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5415.39","end_time":"5415.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5415.609","end_time":"5415.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"5415.7","end_time":"5415.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"him"}],"start_time":"5415.899","end_time":"5415.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"dream"}],"start_time":"5415.939","end_time":"5416.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"He"}],"start_time":"5416.819","end_time":"5417.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"wants"}],"start_time":"5417.029","end_time":"5417.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5417.22","end_time":"5417.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beautiful"}],"start_time":"5417.549","end_time":"5418.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"5418.359","end_time":"5418.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"clean"}],"start_time":"5418.759","end_time":"5419.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"he"}],"start_time":"5419.27","end_time":"5419.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"wants"}],"start_time":"5419.399","end_time":"5419.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5419.589","end_time":"5419.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"dream"}],"start_time":"5419.7","end_time":"5420.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5420.359","end_time":"5420.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"emotional"}],"start_time":"5420.62","end_time":"5421.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5421.45","end_time":"5421.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5422.299","end_time":"5422.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5422.77","end_time":"5422.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"5422.91","end_time":"5423.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5423.04","end_time":"5423.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5423.149","end_time":"5423.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"5423.229","end_time":"5423.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5424.16","end_time":"5424.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5424.41","end_time":"5425.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5425.729","end_time":"5425.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"5425.899","end_time":"5426.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5426.109","end_time":"5426.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5426.35","end_time":"5426.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5426.439","end_time":"5426.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"5426.549","end_time":"5426.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.787","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5426.919","end_time":"5426.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.724","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5426.95","end_time":"5426.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"find"}],"start_time":"5426.99","end_time":"5427.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5427.35","end_time":"5427.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"5427.37","end_time":"5427.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5427.58","end_time":"5427.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"use"}],"start_time":"5427.77","end_time":"5427.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5427.959","end_time":"5428.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5428.009","end_time":"5428.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.863","content":"He"}],"start_time":"5428.529","end_time":"5428.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5428.74","end_time":"5429.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"he"}],"start_time":"5429.33","end_time":"5429.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5429.52","end_time":"5429.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"always"}],"start_time":"5429.74","end_time":"5429.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"succeed"}],"start_time":"5429.99","end_time":"5430.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5430.259","end_time":"5430.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"use"}],"start_time":"5430.47","end_time":"5430.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5430.52","end_time":"5430.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5430.609","end_time":"5430.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.715","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5431.12","end_time":"5431.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5431.45","end_time":"5431.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5431.609","end_time":"5431.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.888","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5431.899","end_time":"5431.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"price"}],"start_time":"5431.93","end_time":"5432.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"point"}],"start_time":"5432.24","end_time":"5432.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5432.64","end_time":"5432.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5432.89","end_time":"5432.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.697","content":"seller"}],"start_time":"5432.979","end_time":"5433.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5433.279","end_time":"5433.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5433.529","end_time":"5433.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5433.709","end_time":"5433.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5433.799","end_time":"5433.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"5433.99","end_time":"5434.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"he"}],"start_time":"5434.29","end_time":"5434.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"knows"}],"start_time":"5434.379","end_time":"5434.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"he"}],"start_time":"5434.629","end_time":"5434.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5434.68","end_time":"5434.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"use"}],"start_time":"5434.89","end_time":"5435.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5435.12","end_time":"5435.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87","content":"He"}],"start_time":"5435.259","end_time":"5435.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5435.339","end_time":"5435.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5435.899","end_time":"5436.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"5436.169","end_time":"5436.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"There"}],"start_time":"5436.379","end_time":"5436.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5436.56","end_time":"5436.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5436.68","end_time":"5436.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"small"}],"start_time":"5436.7","end_time":"5436.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.869","content":"book"}],"start_time":"5436.939","end_time":"5437.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5437.12","end_time":"5437.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5437.399","end_time":"5437.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5437.439","end_time":"5437.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5437.629","end_time":"5438.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"turn"}],"start_time":"5438.129","end_time":"5438.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5438.6","end_time":"5438.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"around"}],"start_time":"5438.66","end_time":"5439.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5439.06","end_time":"5439.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"use"}],"start_time":"5439.24","end_time":"5439.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5439.419","end_time":"5439.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"differently"}],"start_time":"5439.47","end_time":"5439.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5440.0","end_time":"5440.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5440.169","end_time":"5440.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5440.399","end_time":"5440.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5440.589","end_time":"5440.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"normal"}],"start_time":"5440.7","end_time":"5441.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5441.52","end_time":"5441.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5441.68","end_time":"5442.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5442.209","end_time":"5442.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"5442.649","end_time":"5442.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5442.85","end_time":"5442.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5442.99","end_time":"5443.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5443.08","end_time":"5443.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5443.35","end_time":"5443.589"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"super"}],"start_time":"5443.6","end_time":"5443.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"clean"}],"start_time":"5443.919","end_time":"5444.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5444.529","end_time":"5444.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5444.729","end_time":"5444.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5444.85","end_time":"5445.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"5445.24","end_time":"5445.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5445.589","end_time":"5445.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5445.81","end_time":"5446.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5446.009","end_time":"5446.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mature"}],"start_time":"5446.819","end_time":"5447.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"5447.41","end_time":"5447.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5447.779","end_time":"5447.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"their"}],"start_time":"5447.87","end_time":"5448.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"5448.04","end_time":"5448.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5448.77","end_time":"5449.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5449.089","end_time":"5449.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.599","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5449.189","end_time":"5449.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"5449.27","end_time":"5449.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5449.549","end_time":"5449.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5449.649","end_time":"5449.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"5449.72","end_time":"5450.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5450.35","end_time":"5451.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5451.75","end_time":"5452.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5452.279","end_time":"5452.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5452.859","end_time":"5453.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5453.14","end_time":"5453.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5453.31","end_time":"5453.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"took"}],"start_time":"5453.439","end_time":"5453.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5453.72","end_time":"5454.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6156666666666667","content":"23"}],"start_time":"5454.299","end_time":"5454.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5454.669","end_time":"5455.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5455.509","end_time":"5455.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"5455.68","end_time":"5455.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5455.97","end_time":"5456.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5456.299","end_time":"5456.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5456.5","end_time":"5456.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5456.91","end_time":"5457.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5457.12","end_time":"5457.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5457.209","end_time":"5457.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"standard"}],"start_time":"5457.299","end_time":"5457.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5457.75","end_time":"5457.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5458.0","end_time":"5458.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5458.22","end_time":"5458.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5458.259","end_time":"5458.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"expected"}],"start_time":"5458.68","end_time":"5459.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5459.859","end_time":"5460.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"5460.18","end_time":"5460.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"why"}],"start_time":"5460.5","end_time":"5460.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5460.64","end_time":"5460.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"relocated"}],"start_time":"5460.83","end_time":"5461.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5461.479","end_time":"5461.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5461.62","end_time":"5461.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5461.91","end_time":"5461.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5461.93","end_time":"5461.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5462.0","end_time":"5462.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"5462.129","end_time":"5462.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5462.62","end_time":"5462.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"exactly"}],"start_time":"5462.72","end_time":"5463.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5463.43","end_time":"5463.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5463.95","end_time":"5464.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"once"}],"start_time":"5464.16","end_time":"5464.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5464.379","end_time":"5464.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5464.439","end_time":"5464.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5464.6","end_time":"5464.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5464.85","end_time":"5465.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5465.1","end_time":"5465.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"gets"}],"start_time":"5465.75","end_time":"5466.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"5466.04","end_time":"5466.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5466.22","end_time":"5466.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5466.49","end_time":"5466.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5466.589","end_time":"5466.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"huge"}],"start_time":"5466.75","end_time":"5466.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"consumers"}],"start_time":"5467.0","end_time":"5467.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5468.089","end_time":"5468.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"5468.459","end_time":"5468.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"buy"}],"start_time":"5468.68","end_time":"5468.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5468.939","end_time":"5469.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5469.29","end_time":"5469.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"credit"}],"start_time":"5469.43","end_time":"5469.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5469.919","end_time":"5470.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5470.379","end_time":"5470.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5470.839","end_time":"5471.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5471.16","end_time":"5471.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5471.439","end_time":"5471.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5471.759","end_time":"5471.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"put"}],"start_time":"5471.939","end_time":"5472.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5472.129","end_time":"5472.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5472.149","end_time":"5472.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5472.339","end_time":"5472.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"money"}],"start_time":"5472.459","end_time":"5472.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"once"}],"start_time":"5472.759","end_time":"5473.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5473.009","end_time":"5473.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"once"}],"start_time":"5473.25","end_time":"5473.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5473.509","end_time":"5473.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5473.64","end_time":"5473.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5473.83","end_time":"5473.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.807","content":"products"}],"start_time":"5473.879","end_time":"5474.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5474.359","end_time":"5474.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5474.52","end_time":"5474.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"5474.72","end_time":"5475.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5475.27","end_time":"5475.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"5475.439","end_time":"5475.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5475.81","end_time":"5475.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"5475.97","end_time":"5476.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5476.52","end_time":"5476.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whatsapp"}],"start_time":"5476.99","end_time":"5477.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"5477.459","end_time":"5477.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5477.99","end_time":"5478.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5478.04","end_time":"5478.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5478.39","end_time":"5478.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5478.47","end_time":"5478.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"took"}],"start_time":"5478.589","end_time":"5478.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5478.81","end_time":"5478.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5478.839","end_time":"5478.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5478.95","end_time":"5479.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"world"}],"start_time":"5479.04","end_time":"5479.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5479.399","end_time":"5479.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"5479.66","end_time":"5480.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"going"}],"start_time":"5480.49","end_time":"5480.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5480.979","end_time":"5481.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5481.2","end_time":"5481.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"forced"}],"start_time":"5481.6","end_time":"5482.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5482.1","end_time":"5482.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5482.229","end_time":"5482.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"become"}],"start_time":"5482.379","end_time":"5482.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5482.79","end_time":"5482.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"5482.81","end_time":"5483.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5483.089","end_time":"5483.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5483.379","end_time":"5483.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5483.83","end_time":"5483.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5483.939","end_time":"5484.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5484.04","end_time":"5484.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"took"}],"start_time":"5484.149","end_time":"5484.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5484.37","end_time":"5484.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"5484.56","end_time":"5484.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5484.839","end_time":"5485.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"My"}],"start_time":"5485.66","end_time":"5485.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"challenge"}],"start_time":"5485.879","end_time":"5486.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5486.31","end_time":"5486.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5486.379","end_time":"5486.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5486.47","end_time":"5486.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5486.779","end_time":"5486.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"5486.939","end_time":"5487.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5487.1","end_time":"5487.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5487.2","end_time":"5487.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5488.24","end_time":"5488.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.83","content":"old"}],"start_time":"5488.399","end_time":"5488.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5488.629","end_time":"5489.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5489.069","end_time":"5489.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5489.259","end_time":"5489.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5489.52","end_time":"5489.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.458","content":"par"}],"start_time":"5489.95","end_time":"5490.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.781","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5490.209","end_time":"5490.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5490.39","end_time":"5490.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"stand"}],"start_time":"5490.479","end_time":"5490.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"out"}],"start_time":"5490.79","end_time":"5491.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5491.009","end_time":"5491.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"5491.1","end_time":"5491.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5492.2","end_time":"5492.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"At"}],"start_time":"5492.439","end_time":"5492.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5492.479","end_time":"5492.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5492.64","end_time":"5492.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"no"}],"start_time":"5492.959","end_time":"5493.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5493.35","end_time":"5493.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5493.549","end_time":"5493.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5493.95","end_time":"5494.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5494.259","end_time":"5494.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5494.279","end_time":"5495.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5495.1","end_time":"5495.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5495.209","end_time":"5495.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"5495.279","end_time":"5495.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5495.95","end_time":"5495.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5495.99","end_time":"5496.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5496.5","end_time":"5496.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5496.56","end_time":"5496.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5496.629","end_time":"5496.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5496.959","end_time":"5497.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5497.129","end_time":"5497.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"our"}],"start_time":"5497.54","end_time":"5497.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5497.58","end_time":"5498.1"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"our"}],"start_time":"5498.27","end_time":"5498.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5498.379","end_time":"5498.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5498.87","end_time":"5499.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"5499.109","end_time":"5499.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"powerful"}],"start_time":"5499.45","end_time":"5500.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5500.049","end_time":"5500.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5500.149","end_time":"5500.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5500.479","end_time":"5500.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5500.609","end_time":"5500.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5500.77","end_time":"5500.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"clean"}],"start_time":"5500.93","end_time":"5501.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"5501.24","end_time":"5501.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5501.43","end_time":"5501.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5501.68","end_time":"5501.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5501.729","end_time":"5502.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"expect"}],"start_time":"5502.1","end_time":"5502.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5503.14","end_time":"5503.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5503.35","end_time":"5503.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5503.49","end_time":"5503.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5503.609","end_time":"5503.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fix"}],"start_time":"5503.68","end_time":"5503.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5503.99","end_time":"5504.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5504.24","end_time":"5504.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"order"}],"start_time":"5504.319","end_time":"5504.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5504.589","end_time":"5504.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"start"}],"start_time":"5504.709","end_time":"5505.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5505.509","end_time":"5505.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5505.529","end_time":"5505.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5505.709","end_time":"5506.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"5506.08","end_time":"5506.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"No"}],"start_time":"5506.35","end_time":"5506.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5506.52","end_time":"5506.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"our"}],"start_time":"5506.759","end_time":"5506.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"number"}],"start_time":"5506.79","end_time":"5507.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5507.14","end_time":"5507.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"country"}],"start_time":"5507.47","end_time":"5507.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5507.839","end_time":"5507.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"5507.879","end_time":"5508.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5508.069","end_time":"5508.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"revenue"}],"start_time":"5508.169","end_time":"5508.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5508.649","end_time":"5508.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5508.919","end_time":"5509.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5509.04","end_time":"5509.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5509.14","end_time":"5509.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5509.459","end_time":"5509.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5509.58","end_time":"5509.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feedback"}],"start_time":"5509.689","end_time":"5510.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"loops"}],"start_time":"5510.129","end_time":"5510.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"In"}],"start_time":"5510.39","end_time":"5510.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5510.47","end_time":"5510.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5510.819","end_time":"5510.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"spoke"}],"start_time":"5510.95","end_time":"5511.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5511.279","end_time":"5511.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"customers"}],"start_time":"5511.35","end_time":"5511.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5511.839","end_time":"5511.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"said"}],"start_time":"5511.959","end_time":"5512.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5512.14","end_time":"5512.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.48","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5512.31","end_time":"5512.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5512.35","end_time":"5512.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"5512.509","end_time":"5512.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"customers"}],"start_time":"5512.689","end_time":"5513.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5513.39","end_time":"5513.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5513.799","end_time":"5514.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5514.47","end_time":"5514.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5514.89","end_time":"5515.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"5515.12","end_time":"5515.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5515.439","end_time":"5515.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"5515.669","end_time":"5515.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5515.99","end_time":"5516.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"5516.08","end_time":"5516.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5516.43","end_time":"5516.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5516.62","end_time":"5516.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5516.64","end_time":"5516.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5516.819","end_time":"5517.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5517.009","end_time":"5517.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"try"}],"start_time":"5517.109","end_time":"5517.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5517.319","end_time":"5517.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"5517.399","end_time":"5517.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5517.58","end_time":"5517.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"5517.669","end_time":"5518.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Go"}],"start_time":"5518.419","end_time":"5518.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5518.77","end_time":"5518.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5518.859","end_time":"5518.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"phone"}],"start_time":"5518.979","end_time":"5519.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"5519.339","end_time":"5519.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"demos"}],"start_time":"5519.58","end_time":"5519.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5519.97","end_time":"5520.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"customers"}],"start_time":"5520.089","end_time":"5520.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"check"}],"start_time":"5520.589","end_time":"5520.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"how"}],"start_time":"5520.85","end_time":"5520.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5520.93","end_time":"5521.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"react"}],"start_time":"5521.069","end_time":"5521.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5522.009","end_time":"5522.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5522.359","end_time":"5522.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5522.5","end_time":"5522.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5522.6","end_time":"5522.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.512","content":"adapt"}],"start_time":"5522.759","end_time":"5522.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.537","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5522.959","end_time":"5523.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.521","content":"based"}],"start_time":"5523.02","end_time":"5523.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5523.209","end_time":"5523.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5523.31","end_time":"5523.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"feedback"}],"start_time":"5523.569","end_time":"5524.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5525.0","end_time":"5525.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"else"}],"start_time":"5525.379","end_time":"5525.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Life"}],"start_time":"5525.66","end_time":"5526.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5526.049","end_time":"5526.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5526.109","end_time":"5526.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5527.12","end_time":"5527.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"For"}],"start_time":"5527.629","end_time":"5527.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5527.95","end_time":"5528.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5528.129","end_time":"5528.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5528.2","end_time":"5528.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5528.35","end_time":"5528.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5528.54","end_time":"5528.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5528.74","end_time":"5528.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5528.95","end_time":"5529.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"5529.02","end_time":"5529.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.722","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5529.75","end_time":"5530.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5530.39","end_time":"5531.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5531.68","end_time":"5532.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5532.109","end_time":"5532.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5532.5","end_time":"5532.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.707","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5532.79","end_time":"5533.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.687","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5533.069","end_time":"5533.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5533.149","end_time":"5533.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5533.799","end_time":"5533.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.433","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5533.99","end_time":"5534.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"5534.24","end_time":"5534.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"always"}],"start_time":"5534.509","end_time":"5534.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"seen"}],"start_time":"5534.839","end_time":"5535.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5535.169","end_time":"5535.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5535.589","end_time":"5535.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5535.819","end_time":"5535.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5535.839","end_time":"5536.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"casino"}],"start_time":"5536.029","end_time":"5536.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5537.87","end_time":"5538.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5538.609","end_time":"5539.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5539.68","end_time":"5540.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5540.35","end_time":"5540.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5540.89","end_time":"5540.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5540.99","end_time":"5541.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5541.35","end_time":"5541.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5541.589","end_time":"5541.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5541.609","end_time":"5541.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bet"}],"start_time":"5541.79","end_time":"5542.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5542.31","end_time":"5542.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5542.91","end_time":"5543.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5543.339","end_time":"5543.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5543.54","end_time":"5543.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5543.799","end_time":"5543.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5543.87","end_time":"5543.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5543.99","end_time":"5544.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"financially"}],"start_time":"5544.39","end_time":"5545.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5545.479","end_time":"5545.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5545.75","end_time":"5545.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5545.939","end_time":"5545.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5545.979","end_time":"5546.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5546.12","end_time":"5546.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5546.14","end_time":"5546.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"5546.419","end_time":"5547.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5547.069","end_time":"5547.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"revenues"}],"start_time":"5547.529","end_time":"5547.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.708","content":"everything's"}],"start_time":"5547.97","end_time":"5548.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"5548.39","end_time":"5548.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5548.99","end_time":"5549.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"dream"}],"start_time":"5549.279","end_time":"5549.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"dream"}],"start_time":"5549.95","end_time":"5550.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5550.629","end_time":"5550.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5550.879","end_time":"5551.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5551.339","end_time":"5551.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5551.439","end_time":"5551.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.709","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5552.0","end_time":"5552.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5552.029","end_time":"5552.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"5552.39","end_time":"5552.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5553.209","end_time":"5553.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5553.609","end_time":"5553.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5553.919","end_time":"5554.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5554.109","end_time":"5554.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fail"}],"start_time":"5554.27","end_time":"5554.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.647","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5554.75","end_time":"5554.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"could"}],"start_time":"5554.779","end_time":"5555.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5555.02","end_time":"5555.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5555.149","end_time":"5555.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"nightmare"}],"start_time":"5555.169","end_time":"5555.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5556.259","end_time":"5556.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5556.97","end_time":"5557.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5557.669","end_time":"5558.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lose"}],"start_time":"5558.08","end_time":"5558.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5558.29","end_time":"5558.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"5558.43","end_time":"5558.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5558.74","end_time":"5558.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5558.81","end_time":"5558.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5558.879","end_time":"5559.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sick"}],"start_time":"5559.04","end_time":"5559.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5559.35","end_time":"5559.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5559.43","end_time":"5559.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"5559.589","end_time":"5559.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5559.89","end_time":"5560.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"homeless"}],"start_time":"5560.069","end_time":"5560.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5561.06","end_time":"5562.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5562.029","end_time":"5562.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5562.35","end_time":"5562.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5562.43","end_time":"5562.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5562.629","end_time":"5562.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5562.79","end_time":"5562.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"revenue"}],"start_time":"5562.87","end_time":"5563.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5563.589","end_time":"5563.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5563.75","end_time":"5564.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5564.149","end_time":"5564.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"5564.93","end_time":"5565.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5565.859","end_time":"5566.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5566.839","end_time":"5567.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"5567.709","end_time":"5568.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5568.359","end_time":"5568.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5568.43","end_time":"5568.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5568.549","end_time":"5569.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5569.52","end_time":"5569.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5569.75","end_time":"5569.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"5569.979","end_time":"5570.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5570.25","end_time":"5570.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5570.419","end_time":"5570.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5570.569","end_time":"5570.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5570.879","end_time":"5570.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5570.899","end_time":"5571.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5571.14","end_time":"5571.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5571.27","end_time":"5571.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5571.39","end_time":"5571.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5571.89","end_time":"5571.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5571.91","end_time":"5572.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5572.149","end_time":"5572.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5572.24","end_time":"5572.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5572.54","end_time":"5572.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"two"}],"start_time":"5572.709","end_time":"5572.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5572.91","end_time":"5573.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"three"}],"start_time":"5573.02","end_time":"5573.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5573.189","end_time":"5573.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"jobs"}],"start_time":"5573.47","end_time":"5573.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5574.299","end_time":"5574.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5574.7","end_time":"5574.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"5574.879","end_time":"5575.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5575.089","end_time":"5575.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5575.259","end_time":"5575.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"enough"}],"start_time":"5575.45","end_time":"5575.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5575.689","end_time":"5575.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sustain"}],"start_time":"5575.89","end_time":"5576.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5576.16","end_time":"5576.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"family"}],"start_time":"5576.24","end_time":"5576.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"which"}],"start_time":"5577.24","end_time":"5577.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5577.549","end_time":"5577.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"5577.62","end_time":"5578.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5578.009","end_time":"5578.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5578.16","end_time":"5578.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"5578.399","end_time":"5578.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.912","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5578.939","end_time":"5579.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5579.229","end_time":"5579.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.499","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5579.459","end_time":"5579.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5579.549","end_time":"5579.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5579.77","end_time":"5579.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5579.979","end_time":"5580.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"new"}],"start_time":"5580.029","end_time":"5580.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5580.49","end_time":"5580.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5580.939","end_time":"5581.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5581.14","end_time":"5581.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5581.24","end_time":"5581.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5581.49","end_time":"5581.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5581.569","end_time":"5582.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5583.069","end_time":"5583.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"classes"}],"start_time":"5583.609","end_time":"5584.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5584.129","end_time":"5584.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5584.41","end_time":"5584.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"5584.729","end_time":"5585.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"For"}],"start_time":"5585.56","end_time":"5585.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"5585.87","end_time":"5586.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5586.529","end_time":"5587.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Something"}],"start_time":"5587.1","end_time":"5587.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5587.549","end_time":"5587.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"5587.689","end_time":"5587.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"5587.95","end_time":"5588.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5588.33","end_time":"5588.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5588.5","end_time":"5588.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5588.589","end_time":"5588.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5588.75","end_time":"5588.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5588.77","end_time":"5589.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5589.009","end_time":"5589.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"5589.129","end_time":"5589.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5589.49","end_time":"5589.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5589.62","end_time":"5589.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5589.77","end_time":"5589.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5589.87","end_time":"5590.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5590.08","end_time":"5590.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5591.089","end_time":"5591.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5591.31","end_time":"5591.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"5591.49","end_time":"5591.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"noticed"}],"start_time":"5591.609","end_time":"5591.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5591.95","end_time":"5592.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5592.04","end_time":"5592.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5592.189","end_time":"5592.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5592.649","end_time":"5592.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5592.83","end_time":"5592.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5592.85","end_time":"5593.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5593.1","end_time":"5593.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"5593.22","end_time":"5593.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"5593.64","end_time":"5594.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5594.109","end_time":"5594.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"top"}],"start_time":"5594.709","end_time":"5595.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"5595.069","end_time":"5595.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"here"}],"start_time":"5595.56","end_time":"5596.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5596.08","end_time":"5596.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5596.339","end_time":"5596.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5596.509","end_time":"5596.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5596.77","end_time":"5596.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5596.979","end_time":"5597.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"salary"}],"start_time":"5597.14","end_time":"5597.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5597.56","end_time":"5597.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"5597.689","end_time":"5598.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5598.089","end_time":"5598.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5598.77","end_time":"5598.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.82","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5599.259","end_time":"5599.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"point"}],"start_time":"5599.66","end_time":"5600.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5600.24","end_time":"5600.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"5600.459","end_time":"5600.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.289","content":"lakhs"}],"start_time":"5600.81","end_time":"5601.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5601.109","end_time":"5601.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5601.129","end_time":"5601.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5601.169","end_time":"5602.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"5602.16","end_time":"5602.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5602.479","end_time":"5602.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5602.58","end_time":"5602.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.775","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5602.779","end_time":"5602.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"king"}],"start_time":"5602.799","end_time":"5603.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"When"}],"start_time":"5603.029","end_time":"5603.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5603.2","end_time":"5603.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5603.29","end_time":"5603.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"5603.39","end_time":"5603.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.49","content":"lakhs"}],"start_time":"5603.509","end_time":"5603.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"salary"}],"start_time":"5603.68","end_time":"5604.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5604.009","end_time":"5604.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5604.049","end_time":"5604.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5604.22","end_time":"5604.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5604.359","end_time":"5604.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5604.64","end_time":"5604.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5604.72","end_time":"5604.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5604.74","end_time":"5605.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5605.089","end_time":"5605.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5605.279","end_time":"5606.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5606.04","end_time":"5606.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5606.229","end_time":"5606.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5606.37","end_time":"5606.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"own"}],"start_time":"5606.62","end_time":"5606.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"driver"}],"start_time":"5606.75","end_time":"5607.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5607.439","end_time":"5607.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5607.509","end_time":"5607.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.757","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5607.959","end_time":"5608.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"own"}],"start_time":"5608.379","end_time":"5608.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cleaners"}],"start_time":"5608.56","end_time":"5609.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.842","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5609.529","end_time":"5609.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"few"}],"start_time":"5609.549","end_time":"5610.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5610.14","end_time":"5610.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"working"}],"start_time":"5610.37","end_time":"5610.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5610.669","end_time":"5610.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5610.819","end_time":"5610.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5611.839","end_time":"5612.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5612.02","end_time":"5612.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5612.149","end_time":"5612.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5612.24","end_time":"5612.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5612.37","end_time":"5612.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5612.779","end_time":"5613.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5613.509","end_time":"5613.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5613.68","end_time":"5613.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5613.799","end_time":"5613.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"higher"}],"start_time":"5613.819","end_time":"5614.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"salary"}],"start_time":"5614.109","end_time":"5614.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5614.529","end_time":"5614.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5614.629","end_time":"5614.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"salary"}],"start_time":"5614.75","end_time":"5615.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5615.169","end_time":"5615.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5615.229","end_time":"5615.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"low"}],"start_time":"5615.509","end_time":"5615.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"compared"}],"start_time":"5615.77","end_time":"5616.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5616.29","end_time":"5616.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5616.899","end_time":"5617.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"housing"}],"start_time":"5617.25","end_time":"5617.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"5617.649","end_time":"5618.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5618.22","end_time":"5618.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"health"}],"start_time":"5618.299","end_time":"5618.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.854","content":"care"}],"start_time":"5618.609","end_time":"5618.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"5618.87","end_time":"5619.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5619.509","end_time":"5619.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"5620.069","end_time":"5620.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"5620.79","end_time":"5621.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5621.66","end_time":"5621.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"5622.0","end_time":"5622.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"their"}],"start_time":"5622.459","end_time":"5622.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5622.68","end_time":"5623.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5623.129","end_time":"5623.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"5623.279","end_time":"5623.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"5624.45","end_time":"5624.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5624.919","end_time":"5625.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"5625.169","end_time":"5625.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5625.56","end_time":"5625.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"5625.649","end_time":"5626.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"5626.299","end_time":"5626.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5626.609","end_time":"5626.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.879","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"5626.89","end_time":"5627.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5627.279","end_time":"5627.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5627.359","end_time":"5627.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.686","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5627.799","end_time":"5627.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7","content":"said"}],"start_time":"5627.819","end_time":"5627.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5627.859","end_time":"5628.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5628.169","end_time":"5628.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5628.319","end_time":"5628.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"king"}],"start_time":"5628.399","end_time":"5628.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5628.819","end_time":"5629.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5629.16","end_time":"5629.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5629.319","end_time":"5629.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5629.419","end_time":"5629.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5629.549","end_time":"5629.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5629.799","end_time":"5629.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5629.89","end_time":"5630.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5630.009","end_time":"5630.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lower"}],"start_time":"5630.58","end_time":"5631.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"It"}],"start_time":"5631.77","end_time":"5631.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5632.0","end_time":"5632.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5632.259","end_time":"5632.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5632.58","end_time":"5632.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"battle"}],"start_time":"5632.939","end_time":"5633.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5633.66","end_time":"5633.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5634.0","end_time":"5634.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5634.069","end_time":"5634.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.763","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5634.29","end_time":"5634.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"engineering"}],"start_time":"5634.359","end_time":"5634.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"college"}],"start_time":"5634.91","end_time":"5635.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5635.669","end_time":"5635.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5635.859","end_time":"5636.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"give"}],"start_time":"5636.24","end_time":"5636.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5636.5","end_time":"5636.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9956666666666667","content":"GRE"}],"start_time":"5636.689","end_time":"5637.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5637.259","end_time":"5637.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5637.459","end_time":"5637.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5637.7","end_time":"5637.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5637.89","end_time":"5638.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5638.22","end_time":"5638.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"society"}],"start_time":"5638.609","end_time":"5639.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5639.12","end_time":"5639.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"looking"}],"start_time":"5639.259","end_time":"5639.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"down"}],"start_time":"5639.58","end_time":"5639.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"upon"}],"start_time":"5639.899","end_time":"5640.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5640.16","end_time":"5640.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5640.319","end_time":"5640.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5640.589","end_time":"5640.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5641.54","end_time":"5641.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.713","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5641.93","end_time":"5642.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"societal"}],"start_time":"5642.1","end_time":"5642.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pressure"}],"start_time":"5642.64","end_time":"5643.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5643.069","end_time":"5643.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hey"}],"start_time":"5643.529","end_time":"5644.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5644.14","end_time":"5644.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5644.33","end_time":"5644.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5644.39","end_time":"5644.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.954","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"5645.2","end_time":"5645.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"5645.43","end_time":"5645.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5645.72","end_time":"5645.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5645.85","end_time":"5645.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ambitious"}],"start_time":"5646.0","end_time":"5646.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"enough"}],"start_time":"5646.45","end_time":"5646.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Why"}],"start_time":"5646.709","end_time":"5646.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5646.95","end_time":"5647.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5647.029","end_time":"5647.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5647.069","end_time":"5647.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5647.24","end_time":"5647.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"live"}],"start_time":"5647.279","end_time":"5647.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5647.439","end_time":"5647.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5647.509","end_time":"5647.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"country"}],"start_time":"5647.66","end_time":"5648.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5648.16","end_time":"5648.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5648.35","end_time":"5648.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5648.5","end_time":"5648.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5648.64","end_time":"5648.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"argument"}],"start_time":"5648.799","end_time":"5649.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5649.299","end_time":"5649.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5649.529","end_time":"5649.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5649.56","end_time":"5649.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"rather"}],"start_time":"5649.79","end_time":"5650.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5650.189","end_time":"5650.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5650.479","end_time":"5650.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"king"}],"start_time":"5650.5","end_time":"5650.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"here"}],"start_time":"5650.83","end_time":"5651.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5651.569","end_time":"5651.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5651.87","end_time":"5652.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.565","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5652.08","end_time":"5652.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5652.149","end_time":"5652.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5652.25","end_time":"5652.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5652.39","end_time":"5652.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5652.62","end_time":"5652.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5652.74","end_time":"5652.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"crowd"}],"start_time":"5652.859","end_time":"5653.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5653.33","end_time":"5653.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5653.79","end_time":"5653.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5654.0","end_time":"5654.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5654.02","end_time":"5654.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5654.259","end_time":"5654.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5654.87","end_time":"5655.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5655.439","end_time":"5655.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5655.47","end_time":"5655.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5655.939","end_time":"5655.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5656.0","end_time":"5656.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5656.49","end_time":"5656.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5656.779","end_time":"5656.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5656.859","end_time":"5657.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5657.08","end_time":"5657.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5657.83","end_time":"5657.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5657.95","end_time":"5658.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"5658.52","end_time":"5658.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5658.91","end_time":"5659.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5659.31","end_time":"5659.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"great"}],"start_time":"5659.339","end_time":"5659.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5660.319","end_time":"5660.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5660.669","end_time":"5660.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5660.839","end_time":"5660.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5660.939","end_time":"5661.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sick"}],"start_time":"5661.16","end_time":"5661.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5661.709","end_time":"5662.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5662.149","end_time":"5662.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5662.609","end_time":"5663.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5663.479","end_time":"5663.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lose"}],"start_time":"5663.79","end_time":"5664.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5664.72","end_time":"5664.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.873","content":"apartment"}],"start_time":"5664.899","end_time":"5665.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5665.31","end_time":"5665.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5665.39","end_time":"5665.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5665.72","end_time":"5665.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5665.81","end_time":"5666.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"5666.009","end_time":"5666.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5666.87","end_time":"5666.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5666.89","end_time":"5667.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5667.979","end_time":"5668.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"5668.25","end_time":"5668.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5668.99","end_time":"5669.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.714","content":"healthcare"}],"start_time":"5669.37","end_time":"5669.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5669.97","end_time":"5670.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"5670.069","end_time":"5670.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expensive"}],"start_time":"5670.47","end_time":"5671.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5671.589","end_time":"5671.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"5671.879","end_time":"5672.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5672.6","end_time":"5672.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"5672.72","end_time":"5673.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"expensive"}],"start_time":"5673.069","end_time":"5673.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5674.29","end_time":"5674.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"housing"}],"start_time":"5674.879","end_time":"5675.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5675.83","end_time":"5675.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5675.93","end_time":"5676.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"expensive"}],"start_time":"5676.169","end_time":"5676.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5676.629","end_time":"5676.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5676.779","end_time":"5676.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"need"}],"start_time":"5676.859","end_time":"5677.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5677.109","end_time":"5677.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.494","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5677.29","end_time":"5677.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5677.35","end_time":"5677.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5677.77","end_time":"5677.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5677.859","end_time":"5677.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5677.99","end_time":"5678.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5678.22","end_time":"5678.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perfect"}],"start_time":"5678.43","end_time":"5679.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"dream"}],"start_time":"5679.54","end_time":"5679.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5680.259","end_time":"5680.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5680.529","end_time":"5680.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5680.7","end_time":"5680.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5680.859","end_time":"5680.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5680.899","end_time":"5681.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.46","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5681.81","end_time":"5682.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5682.14","end_time":"5682.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5682.25","end_time":"5682.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5682.41","end_time":"5683.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5683.02","end_time":"5683.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"related"}],"start_time":"5683.109","end_time":"5683.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5683.91","end_time":"5684.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"5684.12","end_time":"5684.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5684.649","end_time":"5684.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.615","content":"healthcare"}],"start_time":"5684.85","end_time":"5685.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"insurance"}],"start_time":"5685.299","end_time":"5685.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5685.779","end_time":"5685.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5685.91","end_time":"5686.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"related"}],"start_time":"5686.08","end_time":"5686.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5686.529","end_time":"5686.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5686.64","end_time":"5686.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5686.81","end_time":"5686.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5686.939","end_time":"5687.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"5687.129","end_time":"5687.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5687.37","end_time":"5687.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"5687.39","end_time":"5688.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5689.009","end_time":"5689.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5689.22","end_time":"5689.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5689.379","end_time":"5689.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lose"}],"start_time":"5689.439","end_time":"5689.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5689.669","end_time":"5689.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"5689.759","end_time":"5689.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"5689.919","end_time":"5690.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5690.79","end_time":"5691.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lose"}],"start_time":"5691.069","end_time":"5691.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5691.319","end_time":"5691.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"health"}],"start_time":"5691.45","end_time":"5691.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.751","content":"care"}],"start_time":"5691.72","end_time":"5691.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"insurance"}],"start_time":"5691.95","end_time":"5692.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5692.74","end_time":"5692.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5692.959","end_time":"5693.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5693.069","end_time":"5693.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5693.1","end_time":"5693.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"sick"}],"start_time":"5693.319","end_time":"5693.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5693.62","end_time":"5693.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5693.689","end_time":"5693.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5693.899","end_time":"5693.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"between"}],"start_time":"5693.939","end_time":"5694.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"two"}],"start_time":"5694.709","end_time":"5694.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"job"}],"start_time":"5694.85","end_time":"5695.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"5695.589","end_time":"5695.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5695.859","end_time":"5695.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5695.99","end_time":"5696.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5696.12","end_time":"5696.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"5696.2","end_time":"5696.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"5696.37","end_time":"5696.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cash"}],"start_time":"5696.68","end_time":"5696.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5696.939","end_time":"5697.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5697.06","end_time":"5697.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"basically"}],"start_time":"5697.18","end_time":"5697.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"impossible"}],"start_time":"5697.549","end_time":"5697.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.619","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5698.1","end_time":"5698.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"quickly"}],"start_time":"5698.29","end_time":"5698.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5698.649","end_time":"5698.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5698.83","end_time":"5698.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5698.91","end_time":"5699.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"hundreds"}],"start_time":"5699.02","end_time":"5699.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5699.359","end_time":"5699.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"thousands"}],"start_time":"5699.45","end_time":"5699.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5699.79","end_time":"5699.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"dollars"}],"start_time":"5699.859","end_time":"5700.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"one"}],"start_time":"5700.779","end_time":"5701.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"5701.279","end_time":"5701.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5701.6","end_time":"5701.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"treatment"}],"start_time":"5701.68","end_time":"5702.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5702.14","end_time":"5702.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5702.259","end_time":"5702.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5702.31","end_time":"5702.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5702.45","end_time":"5702.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5702.569","end_time":"5702.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"fracture"}],"start_time":"5702.589","end_time":"5703.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5703.12","end_time":"5703.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5703.24","end_time":"5703.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"arm"}],"start_time":"5703.35","end_time":"5703.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5703.649","end_time":"5703.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5703.779","end_time":"5704.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5704.06","end_time":"5704.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"kid"}],"start_time":"5704.33","end_time":"5704.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5704.669","end_time":"5705.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.761","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5705.18","end_time":"5705.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"he"}],"start_time":"5705.22","end_time":"5705.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5705.62","end_time":"5705.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5705.79","end_time":"5705.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"smaller"}],"start_time":"5705.81","end_time":"5706.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"issue"}],"start_time":"5706.31","end_time":"5706.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"He"}],"start_time":"5707.14","end_time":"5707.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5707.35","end_time":"5707.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.655","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5707.819","end_time":"5707.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"he"}],"start_time":"5707.979","end_time":"5708.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5708.22","end_time":"5708.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"temperature"}],"start_time":"5708.99","end_time":"5709.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5709.709","end_time":"5709.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5709.93","end_time":"5710.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5710.569","end_time":"5710.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"5710.64","end_time":"5710.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"When"}],"start_time":"5710.95","end_time":"5711.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5711.049","end_time":"5711.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5711.129","end_time":"5711.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5711.229","end_time":"5711.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5711.399","end_time":"5711.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5711.47","end_time":"5711.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5711.6","end_time":"5711.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hospital"}],"start_time":"5711.729","end_time":"5712.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5712.379","end_time":"5712.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5712.689","end_time":"5712.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pay"}],"start_time":"5712.759","end_time":"5713.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"€20"}],"start_time":"5713.439","end_time":"5714.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5714.35","end_time":"5714.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"5714.899","end_time":"5715.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5715.259","end_time":"5715.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.863","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5715.54","end_time":"5715.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5715.569","end_time":"5715.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Social"}],"start_time":"5715.729","end_time":"5716.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Security"}],"start_time":"5716.02","end_time":"5716.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.92","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5716.7","end_time":"5716.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.937","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5717.049","end_time":"5717.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"fever"}],"start_time":"5717.069","end_time":"5717.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5717.459","end_time":"5717.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5717.729","end_time":"5718.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5718.02","end_time":"5718.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"did"}],"start_time":"5718.16","end_time":"5718.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5718.31","end_time":"5718.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5718.49","end_time":"5718.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Europeans"}],"start_time":"5718.93","end_time":"5719.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"We"}],"start_time":"5719.52","end_time":"5719.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"went"}],"start_time":"5719.64","end_time":"5719.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5719.79","end_time":"5719.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5719.899","end_time":"5719.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hospital"}],"start_time":"5719.939","end_time":"5720.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5720.89","end_time":"5721.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5721.16","end_time":"5721.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"check"}],"start_time":"5721.529","end_time":"5721.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5721.819","end_time":"5721.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5721.919","end_time":"5722.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"5722.04","end_time":"5722.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"5722.24","end_time":"5722.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5722.509","end_time":"5722.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5722.83","end_time":"5722.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5722.85","end_time":"5723.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.666","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5723.799","end_time":"5723.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5723.87","end_time":"5724.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5724.18","end_time":"5724.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ice"}],"start_time":"5724.259","end_time":"5724.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cream"}],"start_time":"5724.49","end_time":"5725.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5725.31","end_time":"5725.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.851","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5725.729","end_time":"5725.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.689","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5726.08","end_time":"5726.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.53","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5726.18","end_time":"5726.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5726.27","end_time":"5726.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5726.379","end_time":"5726.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"gave"}],"start_time":"5726.549","end_time":"5726.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"him"}],"start_time":"5726.799","end_time":"5726.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5726.93","end_time":"5727.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"ice"}],"start_time":"5727.02","end_time":"5727.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cream"}],"start_time":"5727.24","end_time":"5727.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5727.759","end_time":"5727.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"check"}],"start_time":"5727.939","end_time":"5728.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.314","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5728.2","end_time":"5728.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"temperature"}],"start_time":"5728.229","end_time":"5728.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5728.6","end_time":"5728.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5728.72","end_time":"5728.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5728.79","end_time":"5729.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"A"}],"start_time":"5729.009","end_time":"5729.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"few"}],"start_time":"5729.029","end_time":"5729.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"medicines"}],"start_time":"5729.24","end_time":"5729.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"came"}],"start_time":"5729.819","end_time":"5730.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"back"}],"start_time":"5730.08","end_time":"5730.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.749","content":"Thing"}],"start_time":"5730.629","end_time":"5731.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"5731.009","end_time":"5731.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"went"}],"start_time":"5731.24","end_time":"5731.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5731.47","end_time":"5731.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"30"}],"start_time":"5731.56","end_time":"5731.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"minutes"}],"start_time":"5731.839","end_time":"5732.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5732.95","end_time":"5733.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5733.18","end_time":"5733.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"costed"}],"start_time":"5733.6","end_time":"5734.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"us"}],"start_time":"5734.1","end_time":"5734.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9828749999999999","content":"$2100"}],"start_time":"5734.299","end_time":"5735.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It"}],"start_time":"5737.37","end_time":"5737.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5737.629","end_time":"5737.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8295","content":"€20"}],"start_time":"5737.819","end_time":"5738.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.884","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5738.339","end_time":"5738.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"5738.41","end_time":"5739.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5739.2","end_time":"5739.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5739.52","end_time":"5740.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5740.06","end_time":"5740.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5740.459","end_time":"5740.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5740.589","end_time":"5740.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.743","content":"rich"}],"start_time":"5740.839","end_time":"5741.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.762","content":"no"}],"start_time":"5741.08","end_time":"5741.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"5741.149","end_time":"5741.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5741.64","end_time":"5741.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5741.799","end_time":"5741.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5741.879","end_time":"5741.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.809","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5741.99","end_time":"5742.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5742.029","end_time":"5742.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"insurance"}],"start_time":"5742.1","end_time":"5742.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5742.52","end_time":"5742.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.889","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"5742.6","end_time":"5742.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5742.839","end_time":"5742.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5742.97","end_time":"5743.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"insurance"}],"start_time":"5743.16","end_time":"5743.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5743.47","end_time":"5743.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5743.77","end_time":"5743.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5743.839","end_time":"5744.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Europeans"}],"start_time":"5744.04","end_time":"5744.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.785","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5744.66","end_time":"5744.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5744.99","end_time":"5745.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5745.049","end_time":"5745.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5745.149","end_time":"5745.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"insurance"}],"start_time":"5745.24","end_time":"5745.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5745.7","end_time":"5745.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"ok"}],"start_time":"5745.919","end_time":"5746.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5746.359","end_time":"5746.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5746.6","end_time":"5746.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5747.0","end_time":"5747.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"happens"}],"start_time":"5747.12","end_time":"5747.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5747.97","end_time":"5748.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5748.169","end_time":"5748.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5748.319","end_time":"5748.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5748.339","end_time":"5748.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"small"}],"start_time":"5748.589","end_time":"5748.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5748.779","end_time":"5749.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5749.009","end_time":"5749.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"imagine"}],"start_time":"5749.1","end_time":"5749.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5749.459","end_time":"5749.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"real"}],"start_time":"5749.479","end_time":"5749.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"accident"}],"start_time":"5749.77","end_time":"5750.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5750.629","end_time":"5750.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5750.919","end_time":"5750.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"happens"}],"start_time":"5750.99","end_time":"5751.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5751.31","end_time":"5751.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5751.45","end_time":"5751.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"5751.47","end_time":"5751.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5751.66","end_time":"5752.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5752.06","end_time":"5752.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"could"}],"start_time":"5752.16","end_time":"5752.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5752.379","end_time":"5752.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5752.6","end_time":"5752.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"real"}],"start_time":"5752.62","end_time":"5752.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"life"}],"start_time":"5752.709","end_time":"5752.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.736","content":"changing"}],"start_time":"5752.99","end_time":"5753.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"5753.35","end_time":"5753.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.635","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5753.649","end_time":"5753.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"5754.45","end_time":"5754.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"5754.74","end_time":"5755.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"happens"}],"start_time":"5755.08","end_time":"5755.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5755.459","end_time":"5755.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5755.54","end_time":"5756.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5756.069","end_time":"5756.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5756.089","end_time":"5756.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.63","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5756.62","end_time":"5756.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5756.759","end_time":"5757.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5757.04","end_time":"5757.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5757.129","end_time":"5757.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"lots"}],"start_time":"5757.25","end_time":"5757.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5757.399","end_time":"5757.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"homeless"}],"start_time":"5757.5","end_time":"5757.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5757.83","end_time":"5758.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5758.1","end_time":"5758.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5758.25","end_time":"5758.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"5758.379","end_time":"5758.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"surprised"}],"start_time":"5758.479","end_time":"5759.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5759.049","end_time":"5759.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5759.29","end_time":"5759.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"crime"}],"start_time":"5759.419","end_time":"5759.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5759.879","end_time":"5759.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5759.97","end_time":"5760.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"homeless"}],"start_time":"5760.029","end_time":"5760.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5760.35","end_time":"5760.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5760.64","end_time":"5760.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5760.839","end_time":"5761.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5761.12","end_time":"5761.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5762.589","end_time":"5762.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"again"}],"start_time":"5762.91","end_time":"5763.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5763.229","end_time":"5763.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5763.25","end_time":"5763.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5763.56","end_time":"5763.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"5763.589","end_time":"5763.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"true"}],"start_time":"5763.689","end_time":"5764.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5764.04","end_time":"5764.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5764.14","end_time":"5764.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5764.229","end_time":"5764.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5764.479","end_time":"5764.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.786","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5764.529","end_time":"5764.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5764.629","end_time":"5764.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"been"}],"start_time":"5764.83","end_time":"5765.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5765.029","end_time":"5765.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5765.229","end_time":"5765.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"since"}],"start_time":"5765.509","end_time":"5765.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"2018"}],"start_time":"5765.709","end_time":"5766.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5767.08","end_time":"5767.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"we've"}],"start_time":"5767.6","end_time":"5767.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5767.89","end_time":"5768.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5768.149","end_time":"5768.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"who've"}],"start_time":"5768.919","end_time":"5769.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"come"}],"start_time":"5769.259","end_time":"5769.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5769.439","end_time":"5769.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5769.549","end_time":"5769.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"show"}],"start_time":"5769.64","end_time":"5770.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5770.419","end_time":"5770.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5770.77","end_time":"5770.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.58","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"5770.99","end_time":"5771.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.932","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"5771.299","end_time":"5771.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5771.5","end_time":"5771.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"parts"}],"start_time":"5771.64","end_time":"5772.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5772.02","end_time":"5772.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5772.12","end_time":"5772.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5772.52","end_time":"5772.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"5772.569","end_time":"5772.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5772.95","end_time":"5772.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5772.97","end_time":"5773.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5773.319","end_time":"5773.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"new"}],"start_time":"5773.72","end_time":"5774.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"cities"}],"start_time":"5774.2","end_time":"5774.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Austin"}],"start_time":"5774.49","end_time":"5774.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5774.939","end_time":"5775.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"5775.049","end_time":"5775.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5775.33","end_time":"5775.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5775.41","end_time":"5775.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5775.43","end_time":"5775.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Denver"}],"start_time":"5775.649","end_time":"5776.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5776.06","end_time":"5776.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"coming"}],"start_time":"5776.109","end_time":"5776.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5776.35","end_time":"5776.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5776.439","end_time":"5776.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5776.459","end_time":"5776.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5777.009","end_time":"5777.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5777.259","end_time":"5777.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"old"}],"start_time":"5777.379","end_time":"5777.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"power"}],"start_time":"5777.79","end_time":"5778.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"centers"}],"start_time":"5778.089","end_time":"5778.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"5778.339","end_time":"5778.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5778.479","end_time":"5778.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"New"}],"start_time":"5778.52","end_time":"5778.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"York"}],"start_time":"5778.759","end_time":"5779.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5779.089","end_time":"5779.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5779.209","end_time":"5779.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5779.399","end_time":"5779.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5779.83","end_time":"5779.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"degrading"}],"start_time":"5779.93","end_time":"5780.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.678","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5780.709","end_time":"5780.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"5780.77","end_time":"5781.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"true"}],"start_time":"5781.049","end_time":"5781.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"5781.339","end_time":"5781.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"true"}],"start_time":"5781.64","end_time":"5781.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"5782.04","end_time":"5782.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"true"}],"start_time":"5782.259","end_time":"5782.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"People"}],"start_time":"5782.83","end_time":"5783.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5783.209","end_time":"5783.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"leaving"}],"start_time":"5783.27","end_time":"5783.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"San"}],"start_time":"5783.56","end_time":"5783.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Francisco"}],"start_time":"5783.669","end_time":"5784.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5784.069","end_time":"5784.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5784.35","end_time":"5784.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"price"}],"start_time":"5784.729","end_time":"5785.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"increasing"}],"start_time":"5785.029","end_time":"5785.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drugs"}],"start_time":"5786.009","end_time":"5786.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"increasing"}],"start_time":"5786.47","end_time":"5786.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.794","content":"homeless"}],"start_time":"5786.939","end_time":"5787.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Increasing"}],"start_time":"5787.259","end_time":"5787.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5788.25","end_time":"5788.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5788.589","end_time":"5788.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"costs"}],"start_time":"5788.62","end_time":"5789.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5789.029","end_time":"5789.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"5789.209","end_time":"5789.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"high"}],"start_time":"5789.43","end_time":"5789.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5789.68","end_time":"5789.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5789.799","end_time":"5789.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"5789.93","end_time":"5790.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5790.089","end_time":"5790.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"relocate"}],"start_time":"5790.18","end_time":"5790.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"5790.64","end_time":"5791.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"now"}],"start_time":"5791.1","end_time":"5791.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5791.209","end_time":"5791.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"5791.819","end_time":"5792.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5792.22","end_time":"5792.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"pandemic"}],"start_time":"5792.339","end_time":"5792.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5792.89","end_time":"5793.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.944","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5793.22","end_time":"5793.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"homework"}],"start_time":"5793.259","end_time":"5794.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"facilities"}],"start_time":"5794.52","end_time":"5795.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5795.41","end_time":"5795.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5795.45","end_time":"5795.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"prefer"}],"start_time":"5795.77","end_time":"5796.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5796.14","end_time":"5796.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"relocate"}],"start_time":"5796.419","end_time":"5797.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5797.279","end_time":"5797.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5797.49","end_time":"5797.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"5797.6","end_time":"5797.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5797.89","end_time":"5797.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"5797.91","end_time":"5798.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"5798.18","end_time":"5798.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"5798.939","end_time":"5799.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"5799.74","end_time":"5799.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"5799.799","end_time":"5800.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Google"}],"start_time":"5800.189","end_time":"5800.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Microsoft"}],"start_time":"5800.58","end_time":"5801.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.374","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5801.31","end_time":"5801.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.401","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5801.49","end_time":"5801.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"5801.629","end_time":"5802.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5802.129","end_time":"5802.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"beat"}],"start_time":"5802.259","end_time":"5802.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5803.33","end_time":"5803.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5803.72","end_time":"5803.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Europeans"}],"start_time":"5803.81","end_time":"5804.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"generally"}],"start_time":"5804.35","end_time":"5804.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"look"}],"start_time":"5804.779","end_time":"5804.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5804.97","end_time":"5805.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5805.06","end_time":"5805.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Is"}],"start_time":"5805.439","end_time":"5805.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5805.56","end_time":"5805.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"aspirational"}],"start_time":"5805.66","end_time":"5806.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5806.419","end_time":"5806.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5806.509","end_time":"5806.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5806.72","end_time":"5806.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5807.81","end_time":"5808.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5808.069","end_time":"5808.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5808.089","end_time":"5808.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5808.39","end_time":"5808.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5808.5","end_time":"5808.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5808.58","end_time":"5808.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5808.6","end_time":"5808.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5808.799","end_time":"5808.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"5808.879","end_time":"5809.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5809.069","end_time":"5809.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"5809.169","end_time":"5809.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5809.49","end_time":"5809.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5809.77","end_time":"5809.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5809.85","end_time":"5810.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5810.18","end_time":"5810.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5810.649","end_time":"5810.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.597","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5810.729","end_time":"5810.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5810.81","end_time":"5811.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5811.02","end_time":"5811.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"5811.529","end_time":"5812.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5812.169","end_time":"5812.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5812.29","end_time":"5812.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5812.399","end_time":"5812.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"pro"}],"start_time":"5812.529","end_time":"5812.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5812.77","end_time":"5812.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"5812.93","end_time":"5813.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5813.97","end_time":"5814.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"5814.049","end_time":"5814.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5814.81","end_time":"5814.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.52","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5814.97","end_time":"5815.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7395","content":"re"}],"start_time":"5815.02","end_time":"5815.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5815.089","end_time":"5815.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pro"}],"start_time":"5815.169","end_time":"5815.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.911","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5815.37","end_time":"5815.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"5815.47","end_time":"5815.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5816.379","end_time":"5816.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5816.75","end_time":"5817.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"all"}],"start_time":"5817.14","end_time":"5817.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5817.29","end_time":"5817.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.782","content":"serve"}],"start_time":"5817.609","end_time":"5817.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.66","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5817.979","end_time":"5818.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"restaurant"}],"start_time":"5818.049","end_time":"5818.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5818.649","end_time":"5819.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5819.609","end_time":"5819.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5819.649","end_time":"5819.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.792","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5819.91","end_time":"5819.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5819.99","end_time":"5820.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5820.22","end_time":"5820.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.77","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5820.41","end_time":"5820.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5820.47","end_time":"5820.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5820.49","end_time":"5820.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5820.649","end_time":"5820.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"5820.779","end_time":"5821.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5821.089","end_time":"5821.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5821.819","end_time":"5822.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5822.209","end_time":"5822.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.533","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5822.609","end_time":"5822.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.522","content":"either"}],"start_time":"5822.89","end_time":"5823.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5823.049","end_time":"5823.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"real"}],"start_time":"5823.33","end_time":"5823.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"reasons"}],"start_time":"5823.549","end_time":"5824.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5824.41","end_time":"5824.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5824.589","end_time":"5824.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"also"}],"start_time":"5824.669","end_time":"5824.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.964","content":"drawback"}],"start_time":"5824.919","end_time":"5825.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"5825.43","end_time":"5825.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"why"}],"start_time":"5825.609","end_time":"5825.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.817","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5825.83","end_time":"5826.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.958","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5826.149","end_time":"5826.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"mix"}],"start_time":"5826.169","end_time":"5826.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What"}],"start_time":"5826.459","end_time":"5826.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5826.779","end_time":"5826.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5826.799","end_time":"5827.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5827.109","end_time":"5827.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"most"}],"start_time":"5827.18","end_time":"5827.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5827.419","end_time":"5827.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"5827.609","end_time":"5828.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5828.129","end_time":"5828.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5828.229","end_time":"5828.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversations"}],"start_time":"5828.35","end_time":"5829.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"5829.169","end_time":"5829.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversations"}],"start_time":"5829.549","end_time":"5830.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5830.149","end_time":"5830.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"5830.24","end_time":"5830.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.655","content":"heard"}],"start_time":"5830.589","end_time":"5830.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5830.87","end_time":"5831.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5831.029","end_time":"5831.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"5831.47","end_time":"5832.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5832.18","end_time":"5832.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5832.379","end_time":"5832.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"says"}],"start_time":"5832.49","end_time":"5832.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5832.72","end_time":"5832.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5832.74","end_time":"5833.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5833.25","end_time":"5833.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5833.279","end_time":"5833.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5833.779","end_time":"5833.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5833.99","end_time":"5834.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5834.45","end_time":"5834.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"storytellers"}],"start_time":"5834.62","end_time":"5835.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"5836.069","end_time":"5836.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5836.91","end_time":"5837.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5837.109","end_time":"5837.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5837.52","end_time":"5837.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5837.91","end_time":"5838.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5838.43","end_time":"5838.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5838.509","end_time":"5838.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"5838.669","end_time":"5839.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5839.029","end_time":"5839.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.59","content":"my"}],"start_time":"5839.299","end_time":"5839.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"5839.66","end_time":"5839.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5839.91","end_time":"5840.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5840.109","end_time":"5840.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5840.189","end_time":"5840.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.823","content":"there"}],"start_time":"5840.399","end_time":"5840.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.546","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5840.83","end_time":"5840.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5840.87","end_time":"5841.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"young"}],"start_time":"5841.41","end_time":"5841.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"age"}],"start_time":"5841.669","end_time":"5841.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5841.91","end_time":"5842.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"three"}],"start_time":"5842.149","end_time":"5842.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5842.459","end_time":"5842.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.918","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5842.709","end_time":"5842.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"four"}],"start_time":"5842.74","end_time":"5842.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"years"}],"start_time":"5842.99","end_time":"5843.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"old"}],"start_time":"5843.18","end_time":"5843.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5843.72","end_time":"5844.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5844.069","end_time":"5844.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5844.2","end_time":"5844.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5844.25","end_time":"5844.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5844.459","end_time":"5844.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stage"}],"start_time":"5844.509","end_time":"5844.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5844.839","end_time":"5844.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"front"}],"start_time":"5844.91","end_time":"5845.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5845.16","end_time":"5845.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5845.27","end_time":"5845.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"class"}],"start_time":"5845.35","end_time":"5845.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5845.68","end_time":"5845.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5845.79","end_time":"5845.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5845.859","end_time":"5845.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5845.979","end_time":"5846.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"present"}],"start_time":"5846.06","end_time":"5846.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"5846.37","end_time":"5846.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"5846.589","end_time":"5846.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"week"}],"start_time":"5846.859","end_time":"5847.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5847.85","end_time":"5848.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5848.089","end_time":"5848.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"5848.209","end_time":"5848.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5848.43","end_time":"5849.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"early"}],"start_time":"5849.2","end_time":"5849.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5849.54","end_time":"5849.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5849.74","end_time":"5849.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"their"}],"start_time":"5849.79","end_time":"5850.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5850.29","end_time":"5850.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"teaching"}],"start_time":"5850.31","end_time":"5851.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5851.39","end_time":"5851.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"teach"}],"start_time":"5851.58","end_time":"5852.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"5852.149","end_time":"5852.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5852.75","end_time":"5852.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"present"}],"start_time":"5852.95","end_time":"5853.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"things"}],"start_time":"5853.41","end_time":"5853.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"5854.1","end_time":"5854.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5854.41","end_time":"5854.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5854.7","end_time":"5855.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"called"}],"start_time":"5855.16","end_time":"5855.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5855.839","end_time":"5856.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5856.99","end_time":"5857.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5857.31","end_time":"5857.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5857.45","end_time":"5857.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"name"}],"start_time":"5857.529","end_time":"5858.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5858.43","end_time":"5858.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.846","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5858.5","end_time":"5858.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"remember"}],"start_time":"5858.83","end_time":"5859.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5859.16","end_time":"5859.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"name"}],"start_time":"5859.22","end_time":"5859.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5859.43","end_time":"5859.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5859.5","end_time":"5859.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5859.529","end_time":"5859.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5859.709","end_time":"5859.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"5859.859","end_time":"5860.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"week"}],"start_time":"5860.129","end_time":"5860.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5860.54","end_time":"5860.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kid"}],"start_time":"5860.68","end_time":"5860.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"5860.859","end_time":"5860.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5860.97","end_time":"5861.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"5861.08","end_time":"5861.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"5861.279","end_time":"5861.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"5861.62","end_time":"5861.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"home"}],"start_time":"5861.79","end_time":"5862.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"5862.49","end_time":"5862.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5862.879","end_time":"5862.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"front"}],"start_time":"5862.97","end_time":"5863.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5863.229","end_time":"5863.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"5863.359","end_time":"5863.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"student"}],"start_time":"5863.58","end_time":"5863.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5863.959","end_time":"5864.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"explain"}],"start_time":"5864.06","end_time":"5864.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"why"}],"start_time":"5864.62","end_time":"5864.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.947","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5864.979","end_time":"5865.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.407","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5865.16","end_time":"5865.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.539","content":"intel"}],"start_time":"5866.029","end_time":"5866.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5866.75","end_time":"5866.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"every"}],"start_time":"5866.93","end_time":"5867.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"week"}],"start_time":"5867.149","end_time":"5867.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"5867.74","end_time":"5868.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5868.18","end_time":"5868.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5868.459","end_time":"5868.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"practice"}],"start_time":"5868.6","end_time":"5869.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5869.069","end_time":"5869.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5869.089","end_time":"5869.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5869.58","end_time":"5869.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5869.83","end_time":"5870.089"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"5870.1","end_time":"5870.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5870.95","end_time":"5871.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"5871.049","end_time":"5871.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5871.49","end_time":"5871.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5871.649","end_time":"5871.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5871.72","end_time":"5871.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"interviews"}],"start_time":"5871.87","end_time":"5872.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Because"}],"start_time":"5872.819","end_time":"5873.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5873.209","end_time":"5873.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5873.43","end_time":"5873.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"arrived"}],"start_time":"5873.529","end_time":"5873.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5873.859","end_time":"5873.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5873.91","end_time":"5874.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"US"}],"start_time":"5874.06","end_time":"5874.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5874.47","end_time":"5874.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5874.729","end_time":"5874.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"5874.75","end_time":"5874.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"interviews"}],"start_time":"5874.939","end_time":"5875.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5875.47","end_time":"5875.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"5875.91","end_time":"5876.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"felt"}],"start_time":"5876.549","end_time":"5876.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5876.819","end_time":"5877.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"smart"}],"start_time":"5877.129","end_time":"5877.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5877.509","end_time":"5877.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5877.609","end_time":"5877.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5878.589","end_time":"5878.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"most"}],"start_time":"5878.819","end_time":"5879.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5879.08","end_time":"5879.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5879.189","end_time":"5879.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"were"}],"start_time":"5879.339","end_time":"5879.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"bullshitting"}],"start_time":"5879.54","end_time":"5880.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.933","content":"or"}],"start_time":"5880.339","end_time":"5880.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"trying"}],"start_time":"5880.5","end_time":"5881.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5881.479","end_time":"5881.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5881.859","end_time":"5882.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5882.22","end_time":"5882.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"show"}],"start_time":"5882.37","end_time":"5882.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"themselves"}],"start_time":"5882.629","end_time":"5882.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5882.979","end_time":"5883.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5883.24","end_time":"5883.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5883.37","end_time":"5883.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5883.5","end_time":"5883.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5883.64","end_time":"5883.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"5884.359","end_time":"5885.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"5885.14","end_time":"5885.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"took"}],"start_time":"5885.399","end_time":"5885.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5885.54","end_time":"5885.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"5885.609","end_time":"5885.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5885.959","end_time":"5886.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"5886.02","end_time":"5886.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5886.399","end_time":"5886.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5886.64","end_time":"5886.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5886.759","end_time":"5886.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"listen"}],"start_time":"5886.919","end_time":"5887.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5887.24","end_time":"5887.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5887.359","end_time":"5887.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5887.54","end_time":"5887.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.556","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5887.66","end_time":"5887.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"5887.72","end_time":"5888.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5888.009","end_time":"5888.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5888.629","end_time":"5888.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5888.839","end_time":"5888.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"feels"}],"start_time":"5888.99","end_time":"5889.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5889.39","end_time":"5889.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5889.479","end_time":"5889.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.482","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5889.62","end_time":"5889.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"5889.689","end_time":"5890.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"5890.379","end_time":"5890.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"really"}],"start_time":"5890.66","end_time":"5890.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5890.899","end_time":"5891.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"5891.49","end_time":"5891.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reality"}],"start_time":"5891.68","end_time":"5892.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5892.08","end_time":"5892.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5892.149","end_time":"5892.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"5892.169","end_time":"5892.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"different"}],"start_time":"5892.299","end_time":"5892.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5892.66","end_time":"5892.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.553","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"5892.72","end_time":"5892.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5892.939","end_time":"5893.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5893.209","end_time":"5893.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.571","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5893.419","end_time":"5893.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"5894.5","end_time":"5895.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"5895.799","end_time":"5896.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5896.979","end_time":"5897.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5897.149","end_time":"5897.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5897.41","end_time":"5897.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5897.49","end_time":"5897.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5897.64","end_time":"5897.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"5897.759","end_time":"5897.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"behind"}],"start_time":"5897.97","end_time":"5898.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5898.35","end_time":"5898.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"How"}],"start_time":"5899.649","end_time":"5899.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5899.91","end_time":"5900.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5900.009","end_time":"5900.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"look"}],"start_time":"5900.04","end_time":"5900.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"behind"}],"start_time":"5900.24","end_time":"5900.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.727","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5900.64","end_time":"5900.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.903","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5901.24","end_time":"5901.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5901.47","end_time":"5901.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5901.649","end_time":"5901.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5902.0","end_time":"5902.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"come"}],"start_time":"5902.27","end_time":"5902.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"with"}],"start_time":"5902.66","end_time":"5902.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"experience"}],"start_time":"5902.83","end_time":"5903.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.776","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5904.609","end_time":"5904.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"recognition"}],"start_time":"5904.689","end_time":"5905.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.919","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5905.43","end_time":"5905.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5906.37","end_time":"5906.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"need"}],"start_time":"5906.54","end_time":"5906.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5906.79","end_time":"5906.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"pick"}],"start_time":"5906.87","end_time":"5907.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"5907.129","end_time":"5907.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.508","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5907.39","end_time":"5907.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"bull"}],"start_time":"5907.68","end_time":"5907.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5908.27","end_time":"5908.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.913","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5908.54","end_time":"5908.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5908.729","end_time":"5909.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"One"}],"start_time":"5909.259","end_time":"5909.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5909.589","end_time":"5909.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5909.669","end_time":"5909.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"5909.729","end_time":"5909.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5909.899","end_time":"5909.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5910.0","end_time":"5910.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5910.16","end_time":"5910.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruitment"}],"start_time":"5910.229","end_time":"5910.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5910.91","end_time":"5911.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5911.299","end_time":"5911.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5911.319","end_time":"5911.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5911.709","end_time":"5911.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"discuss"}],"start_time":"5911.919","end_time":"5912.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"5912.24","end_time":"5912.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5912.35","end_time":"5912.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5912.899","end_time":"5913.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5913.009","end_time":"5913.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5913.33","end_time":"5913.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5913.87","end_time":"5913.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"5913.89","end_time":"5914.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"5914.39","end_time":"5914.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"5914.879","end_time":"5915.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"real"}],"start_time":"5915.02","end_time":"5915.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"exercise"}],"start_time":"5915.319","end_time":"5915.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5915.72","end_time":"5916.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5916.029","end_time":"5916.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5916.16","end_time":"5916.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"5916.2","end_time":"5916.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5916.56","end_time":"5916.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developer"}],"start_time":"5916.58","end_time":"5916.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"making"}],"start_time":"5917.0","end_time":"5917.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"5917.279","end_time":"5917.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5918.169","end_time":"5918.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5918.529","end_time":"5918.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"5918.959","end_time":"5919.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"recruit"}],"start_time":"5919.12","end_time":"5919.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5919.97","end_time":"5920.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"engineer"}],"start_time":"5920.1","end_time":"5920.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"making"}],"start_time":"5920.52","end_time":"5920.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5920.819","end_time":"5921.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"architecture"}],"start_time":"5921.29","end_time":"5921.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"5921.83","end_time":"5922.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"business"}],"start_time":"5922.77","end_time":"5923.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.677","content":"law"}],"start_time":"5923.029","end_time":"5923.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5923.37","end_time":"5923.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.565","content":"take"}],"start_time":"5923.56","end_time":"5923.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"discuss"}],"start_time":"5923.819","end_time":"5924.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5924.189","end_time":"5924.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"5925.04","end_time":"5925.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"5925.459","end_time":"5925.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5925.899","end_time":"5926.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5926.06","end_time":"5926.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5926.229","end_time":"5926.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"resume"}],"start_time":"5926.279","end_time":"5926.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5927.12","end_time":"5927.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"will"}],"start_time":"5927.509","end_time":"5927.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"5927.759","end_time":"5928.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"5928.45","end_time":"5928.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5928.819","end_time":"5928.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"5928.89","end_time":"5929.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5929.189","end_time":"5929.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5929.319","end_time":"5929.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.861","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5929.379","end_time":"5929.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8845000000000001","content":"re"}],"start_time":"5929.43","end_time":"5929.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5929.5","end_time":"5929.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"best"}],"start_time":"5929.589","end_time":"5929.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"If"}],"start_time":"5929.89","end_time":"5930.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5930.02","end_time":"5930.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"talk"}],"start_time":"5930.06","end_time":"5930.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5930.27","end_time":"5930.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"resume"}],"start_time":"5930.47","end_time":"5930.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5930.77","end_time":"5930.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"5930.89","end_time":"5931.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"5931.089","end_time":"5931.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"5931.45","end_time":"5931.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5932.839","end_time":"5933.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5933.31","end_time":"5933.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5933.68","end_time":"5934.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5934.009","end_time":"5934.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"telling"}],"start_time":"5934.25","end_time":"5934.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"5934.669","end_time":"5935.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5935.149","end_time":"5935.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"friends"}],"start_time":"5935.79","end_time":"5936.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5936.12","end_time":"5936.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mine"}],"start_time":"5936.24","end_time":"5936.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"These"}],"start_time":"5936.47","end_time":"5936.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5936.62","end_time":"5936.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"not"}],"start_time":"5936.72","end_time":"5936.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5936.91","end_time":"5937.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"5937.029","end_time":"5937.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"5937.279","end_time":"5937.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"5937.64","end_time":"5937.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5937.709","end_time":"5938.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"5938.049","end_time":"5938.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"white"}],"start_time":"5938.75","end_time":"5939.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"5939.08","end_time":"5939.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"black"}],"start_time":"5939.39","end_time":"5939.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"5939.66","end_time":"5940.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5940.069","end_time":"5940.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"was"}],"start_time":"5940.089","end_time":"5940.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"telling"}],"start_time":"5940.149","end_time":"5940.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"them"}],"start_time":"5940.419","end_time":"5940.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5940.609","end_time":"5940.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"5940.74","end_time":"5940.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5940.89","end_time":"5940.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"admire"}],"start_time":"5940.97","end_time":"5941.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5941.299","end_time":"5941.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5941.43","end_time":"5941.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"5941.629","end_time":"5941.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5941.939","end_time":"5941.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5941.959","end_time":"5942.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5942.709","end_time":"5943.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5943.169","end_time":"5943.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.481","content":"wholesales"}],"start_time":"5943.259","end_time":"5943.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"5943.799","end_time":"5944.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"You"}],"start_time":"5944.169","end_time":"5944.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"project"}],"start_time":"5944.2","end_time":"5944.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"5944.72","end_time":"5945.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5945.04","end_time":"5945.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"well"}],"start_time":"5945.37","end_time":"5945.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5945.709","end_time":"5945.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5945.87","end_time":"5945.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.84","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5945.959","end_time":"5946.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"learned"}],"start_time":"5946.02","end_time":"5946.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5946.33","end_time":"5946.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5946.839","end_time":"5947.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"honestly"}],"start_time":"5947.02","end_time":"5947.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5947.37","end_time":"5947.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"using"}],"start_time":"5947.479","end_time":"5947.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5947.819","end_time":"5947.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5947.87","end_time":"5947.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5947.91","end_time":"5948.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5948.52","end_time":"5948.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5948.56","end_time":"5948.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.843","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"5948.859","end_time":"5948.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5948.93","end_time":"5948.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5948.95","end_time":"5949.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5949.25","end_time":"5949.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Indians"}],"start_time":"5949.39","end_time":"5949.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"alone"}],"start_time":"5949.74","end_time":"5949.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5949.87","end_time":"5950.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"5950.06","end_time":"5950.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5950.2","end_time":"5950.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5950.279","end_time":"5950.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"opposite"}],"start_time":"5950.319","end_time":"5950.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5950.689","end_time":"5950.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"5950.87","end_time":"5951.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5951.229","end_time":"5951.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5951.529","end_time":"5951.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"us"}],"start_time":"5951.799","end_time":"5952.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"5952.08","end_time":"5952.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5952.259","end_time":"5952.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"5952.279","end_time":"5952.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5952.589","end_time":"5952.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"people"}],"start_time":"5952.68","end_time":"5952.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"5952.939","end_time":"5953.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"even"}],"start_time":"5953.18","end_time":"5953.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5953.279","end_time":"5953.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.64","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"5953.33","end_time":"5953.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"really"}],"start_time":"5953.56","end_time":"5953.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5953.799","end_time":"5954.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.684","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"5954.129","end_time":"5954.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"5954.25","end_time":"5954.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"shy"}],"start_time":"5954.419","end_time":"5954.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5954.74","end_time":"5954.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"5954.859","end_time":"5955.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"5955.479","end_time":"5955.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5955.979","end_time":"5956.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"see"}],"start_time":"5956.049","end_time":"5956.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5956.259","end_time":"5956.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"5956.399","end_time":"5956.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5956.629","end_time":"5957.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.86","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"5957.06","end_time":"5957.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Americans"}],"start_time":"5957.75","end_time":"5958.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5958.439","end_time":"5958.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5958.49","end_time":"5958.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"5958.91","end_time":"5959.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5959.189","end_time":"5959.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.351","content":"than"}],"start_time":"5959.54","end_time":"5959.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5959.649","end_time":"5959.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Something"}],"start_time":"5961.0","end_time":"5961.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"5961.52","end_time":"5961.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"5961.68","end_time":"5961.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"5961.83","end_time":"5962.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"5962.049","end_time":"5962.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"America"}],"start_time":"5962.22","end_time":"5962.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Of"}],"start_time":"5962.759","end_time":"5962.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"course"}],"start_time":"5962.99","end_time":"5963.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5963.609","end_time":"5963.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"5963.899","end_time":"5964.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"product"}],"start_time":"5964.759","end_time":"5965.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"5965.189","end_time":"5965.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"they're"}],"start_time":"5965.56","end_time":"5965.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5965.7","end_time":"5965.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5965.899","end_time":"5966.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"5966.069","end_time":"5966.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"this"}],"start_time":"5966.129","end_time":"5966.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"What"}],"start_time":"5967.939","end_time":"5968.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5968.41","end_time":"5968.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5968.58","end_time":"5968.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hire"}],"start_time":"5968.68","end_time":"5969.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"5969.02","end_time":"5969.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"American"}],"start_time":"5969.049","end_time":"5969.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5969.509","end_time":"5969.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"5969.89","end_time":"5970.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"For"}],"start_time":"5971.12","end_time":"5971.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"5971.45","end_time":"5971.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"5972.47","end_time":"5973.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"if"}],"start_time":"5973.529","end_time":"5973.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5973.609","end_time":"5973.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"5973.669","end_time":"5974.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"5974.75","end_time":"5975.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"writer"}],"start_time":"5975.43","end_time":"5975.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"storytelling"}],"start_time":"5975.83","end_time":"5977.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5977.359","end_time":"5977.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"5977.379","end_time":"5978.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"are"}],"start_time":"5978.029","end_time":"5978.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"5978.129","end_time":"5978.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"5978.37","end_time":"5978.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5979.75","end_time":"5980.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5980.24","end_time":"5980.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.811","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5980.379","end_time":"5980.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"show"}],"start_time":"5980.509","end_time":"5980.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.552","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5980.879","end_time":"5980.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.688","content":"Dell"}],"start_time":"5980.979","end_time":"5981.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"5981.259","end_time":"5981.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5981.62","end_time":"5981.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"5981.64","end_time":"5981.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"5981.83","end_time":"5982.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"5982.08","end_time":"5982.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"5982.169","end_time":"5982.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"television"}],"start_time":"5982.259","end_time":"5982.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"5982.75","end_time":"5983.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"also"}],"start_time":"5983.29","end_time":"5983.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5983.859","end_time":"5984.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"their"}],"start_time":"5984.02","end_time":"5984.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"native"}],"start_time":"5984.68","end_time":"5985.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"language"}],"start_time":"5985.069","end_time":"5985.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.883","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5986.27","end_time":"5986.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"English"}],"start_time":"5986.58","end_time":"5987.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"is"}],"start_time":"5987.02","end_time":"5987.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.214","content":"a"}],"start_time":"5987.33","end_time":"5987.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.626","content":"second"}],"start_time":"5987.41","end_time":"5987.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"language"}],"start_time":"5987.529","end_time":"5988.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5988.029","end_time":"5988.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"5988.049","end_time":"5989.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"5989.47","end_time":"5989.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"pretty"}],"start_time":"5989.74","end_time":"5990.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"5990.049","end_time":"5990.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5990.379","end_time":"5990.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5990.54","end_time":"5990.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"5990.709","end_time":"5990.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"least"}],"start_time":"5990.79","end_time":"5991.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"I"}],"start_time":"5991.149","end_time":"5991.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5991.169","end_time":"5991.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"have"}],"start_time":"5991.359","end_time":"5991.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.913","content":"better"}],"start_time":"5991.479","end_time":"5991.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"answer"}],"start_time":"5991.77","end_time":"5991.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"5991.99","end_time":"5992.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"French"}],"start_time":"5992.06","end_time":"5992.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"5992.859","end_time":"5993.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"5993.02","end_time":"5993.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"helps"}],"start_time":"5993.43","end_time":"5993.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"when"}],"start_time":"5993.759","end_time":"5993.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"5993.95","end_time":"5994.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"5994.08","end_time":"5994.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"native"}],"start_time":"5994.25","end_time":"5994.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"language"}],"start_time":"5994.54","end_time":"5995.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"5995.1","end_time":"5995.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"5995.45","end_time":"5995.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"5995.62","end_time":"5995.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hire"}],"start_time":"5995.72","end_time":"5996.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5996.009","end_time":"5996.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"5996.279","end_time":"5996.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"5996.74","end_time":"5996.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"now"}],"start_time":"5996.85","end_time":"5997.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"5997.009","end_time":"5997.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"5997.14","end_time":"5997.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"gotten"}],"start_time":"5997.22","end_time":"5997.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.766","content":"to"}],"start_time":"5997.54","end_time":"5997.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"know"}],"start_time":"5997.589","end_time":"5997.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"me"}],"start_time":"5997.74","end_time":"5998.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"um"}],"start_time":"5998.33","end_time":"5999.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6000.779","end_time":"6001.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"would"}],"start_time":"6001.85","end_time":"6002.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6002.069","end_time":"6002.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.882","content":"hire"}],"start_time":"6002.129","end_time":"6002.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6002.37","end_time":"6002.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6002.58","end_time":"6002.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6002.74","end_time":"6002.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6002.87","end_time":"6003.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6003.029","end_time":"6003.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6003.049","end_time":"6003.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6003.229","end_time":"6003.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"videos"}],"start_time":"6003.37","end_time":"6003.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6003.939","end_time":"6003.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.805","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6003.979","end_time":"6004.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6004.549","end_time":"6004.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6004.589","end_time":"6004.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6004.919","end_time":"6005.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6005.109","end_time":"6005.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6005.129","end_time":"6005.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"afford"}],"start_time":"6005.339","end_time":"6005.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.945","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6005.689","end_time":"6005.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.657","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6006.08","end_time":"6006.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.82","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6006.68","end_time":"6006.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.858","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6007.609","end_time":"6007.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6007.959","end_time":"6008.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.856","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6008.12","end_time":"6008.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"6010.939","end_time":"6011.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6011.149","end_time":"6011.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6011.56","end_time":"6011.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6011.72","end_time":"6012.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6012.14","end_time":"6012.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"having"}],"start_time":"6012.5","end_time":"6013.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6013.06","end_time":"6013.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6013.459","end_time":"6013.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8402499999999999","content":"inin"}],"start_time":"6013.979","end_time":"6014.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"6014.31","end_time":"6014.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6014.569","end_time":"6014.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6014.66","end_time":"6015.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.934","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"6015.189","end_time":"6015.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6015.49","end_time":"6015.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.328","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6015.91","end_time":"6016.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"super"}],"start_time":"6016.2","end_time":"6016.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"important"}],"start_time":"6016.359","end_time":"6016.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6017.169","end_time":"6017.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6017.41","end_time":"6017.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6017.669","end_time":"6017.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6017.77","end_time":"6017.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6017.819","end_time":"6018.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"produce"}],"start_time":"6018.009","end_time":"6018.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6018.529","end_time":"6018.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6018.549","end_time":"6018.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6018.779","end_time":"6019.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6019.41","end_time":"6019.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6019.79","end_time":"6020.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6020.14","end_time":"6020.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"600"}],"start_time":"6020.16","end_time":"6020.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"videos"}],"start_time":"6020.74","end_time":"6021.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"per"}],"start_time":"6021.109","end_time":"6021.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"year"}],"start_time":"6021.25","end_time":"6021.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6022.12","end_time":"6022.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6022.319","end_time":"6022.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6022.45","end_time":"6022.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6022.56","end_time":"6022.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"huge"}],"start_time":"6022.58","end_time":"6022.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"TM"}],"start_time":"6022.89","end_time":"6023.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6023.08","end_time":"6023.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6023.299","end_time":"6024.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6024.14","end_time":"6024.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6024.16","end_time":"6024.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"production"}],"start_time":"6024.569","end_time":"6025.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6025.129","end_time":"6025.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6025.259","end_time":"6025.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6025.609","end_time":"6025.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6025.629","end_time":"6026.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6027.729","end_time":"6027.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"youtube"}],"start_time":"6027.97","end_time":"6028.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mostly"}],"start_time":"6028.209","end_time":"6028.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6029.229","end_time":"6029.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"maintaining"}],"start_time":"6029.709","end_time":"6030.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6030.259","end_time":"6030.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6030.37","end_time":"6030.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"6030.99","end_time":"6031.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6031.47","end_time":"6031.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6031.75","end_time":"6031.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mostly"}],"start_time":"6032.0","end_time":"6032.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6032.529","end_time":"6032.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"6032.68","end_time":"6033.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6033.27","end_time":"6033.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.75","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6033.97","end_time":"6034.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6034.47","end_time":"6034.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"videos"}],"start_time":"6034.899","end_time":"6035.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6035.27","end_time":"6035.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6035.819","end_time":"6036.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6036.189","end_time":"6036.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6036.35","end_time":"6036.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"6036.6","end_time":"6037.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6037.089","end_time":"6037.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sales"}],"start_time":"6037.47","end_time":"6038.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6038.029","end_time":"6038.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6038.189","end_time":"6038.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6038.31","end_time":"6038.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6038.85","end_time":"6039.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6039.229","end_time":"6039.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6039.39","end_time":"6039.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"accounting"}],"start_time":"6039.56","end_time":"6040.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"project"}],"start_time":"6040.189","end_time":"6040.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"management"}],"start_time":"6040.609","end_time":"6040.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.765","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6040.859","end_time":"6040.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6040.95","end_time":"6041.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6041.049","end_time":"6041.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"build"}],"start_time":"6041.18","end_time":"6041.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6041.419","end_time":"6041.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"6041.439","end_time":"6041.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6041.95","end_time":"6042.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.536","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6042.06","end_time":"6042.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.73","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6042.18","end_time":"6042.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6042.479","end_time":"6042.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6042.689","end_time":"6042.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6042.839","end_time":"6043.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6043.069","end_time":"6043.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"tutorials"}],"start_time":"6043.319","end_time":"6044.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6044.549","end_time":"6044.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6044.959","end_time":"6045.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6045.109","end_time":"6045.379"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.915","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6045.77","end_time":"6046.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6046.029","end_time":"6046.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6046.35","end_time":"6046.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6046.5","end_time":"6046.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"important"}],"start_time":"6046.7","end_time":"6047.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6047.089","end_time":"6047.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6047.189","end_time":"6047.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6047.25","end_time":"6047.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Let's"}],"start_time":"6048.979","end_time":"6049.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6049.22","end_time":"6049.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6049.39","end_time":"6049.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"larger"}],"start_time":"6049.41","end_time":"6049.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6049.779","end_time":"6050.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.875","content":"here"}],"start_time":"6050.439","end_time":"6050.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"6050.479","end_time":"6051.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6051.02","end_time":"6051.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6051.609","end_time":"6052.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6052.33","end_time":"6052.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6052.439","end_time":"6053.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6053.02","end_time":"6053.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6053.259","end_time":"6053.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6053.479","end_time":"6053.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"just"}],"start_time":"6053.609","end_time":"6054.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6054.149","end_time":"6054.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"theoretical"}],"start_time":"6054.169","end_time":"6054.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6054.85","end_time":"6055.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6055.009","end_time":"6055.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"heard"}],"start_time":"6055.14","end_time":"6055.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6055.7","end_time":"6056.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6056.109","end_time":"6056.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6056.129","end_time":"6056.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6056.41","end_time":"6056.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6056.54","end_time":"6057.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6057.149","end_time":"6057.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6057.359","end_time":"6057.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6057.379","end_time":"6057.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"see"}],"start_time":"6057.819","end_time":"6058.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6058.129","end_time":"6058.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"6058.27","end_time":"6058.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"happening"}],"start_time":"6058.859","end_time":"6059.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6059.29","end_time":"6059.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"India"}],"start_time":"6059.339","end_time":"6059.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"6059.709","end_time":"6059.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"now"}],"start_time":"6059.939","end_time":"6060.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"other"}],"start_time":"6060.18","end_time":"6060.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"than"}],"start_time":"6060.459","end_time":"6060.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6060.62","end_time":"6060.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6060.79","end_time":"6060.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6060.81","end_time":"6061.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"brands"}],"start_time":"6061.06","end_time":"6061.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6062.029","end_time":"6062.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"6062.18","end_time":"6062.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"brand"}],"start_time":"6062.56","end_time":"6062.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"says"}],"start_time":"6062.939","end_time":"6063.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"6063.16","end_time":"6063.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6063.49","end_time":"6063.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"own"}],"start_time":"6063.649","end_time":"6063.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6063.799","end_time":"6064.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6064.45","end_time":"6064.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"6064.54","end_time":"6064.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"monetize"}],"start_time":"6064.66","end_time":"6065.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6065.2","end_time":"6065.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6065.259","end_time":"6065.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6065.39","end_time":"6065.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6065.41","end_time":"6065.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"6065.7","end_time":"6066.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"see"}],"start_time":"6066.08","end_time":"6066.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"too"}],"start_time":"6066.259","end_time":"6066.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"6066.43","end_time":"6066.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6066.72","end_time":"6066.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6066.799","end_time":"6066.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"happening"}],"start_time":"6066.99","end_time":"6067.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"6067.81","end_time":"6068.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"6068.45","end_time":"6068.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.674","content":"parallel"}],"start_time":"6068.879","end_time":"6069.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"going"}],"start_time":"6069.52","end_time":"6069.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"back"}],"start_time":"6069.919","end_time":"6070.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6070.2","end_time":"6070.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.805","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6070.319","end_time":"6070.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6070.339","end_time":"6070.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6070.839","end_time":"6070.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6071.0","end_time":"6071.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6071.2","end_time":"6071.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"scale"}],"start_time":"6071.37","end_time":"6071.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6071.79","end_time":"6071.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6071.899","end_time":"6072.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6072.72","end_time":"6073.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"said"}],"start_time":"6073.069","end_time":"6073.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6073.31","end_time":"6073.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6073.41","end_time":"6073.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6073.58","end_time":"6073.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6073.66","end_time":"6073.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"main"}],"start_time":"6073.799","end_time":"6074.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6074.12","end_time":"6074.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"angles"}],"start_time":"6075.279","end_time":"6075.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6076.0","end_time":"6076.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6076.25","end_time":"6076.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6076.399","end_time":"6076.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6076.5","end_time":"6076.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"6076.669","end_time":"6076.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"active"}],"start_time":"6076.72","end_time":"6077.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6077.04","end_time":"6077.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6078.14","end_time":"6078.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"yes"}],"start_time":"6078.939","end_time":"6079.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6079.29","end_time":"6079.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"no"}],"start_time":"6079.439","end_time":"6079.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6080.229","end_time":"6080.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Developing"}],"start_time":"6081.549","end_time":"6082.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6082.229","end_time":"6082.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6082.25","end_time":"6082.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6082.729","end_time":"6082.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6082.899","end_time":"6083.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6083.089","end_time":"6083.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"role"}],"start_time":"6083.149","end_time":"6083.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6083.359","end_time":"6083.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6083.479","end_time":"6084.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6084.939","end_time":"6085.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"helps"}],"start_time":"6085.18","end_time":"6085.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6085.47","end_time":"6085.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6086.089","end_time":"6086.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6086.569","end_time":"6087.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6087.129","end_time":"6087.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6087.419","end_time":"6087.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6087.569","end_time":"6087.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"6087.99","end_time":"6088.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"committee"}],"start_time":"6088.229","end_time":"6088.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6088.689","end_time":"6089.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6089.149","end_time":"6089.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"development"}],"start_time":"6089.25","end_time":"6089.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6090.419","end_time":"6090.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6090.87","end_time":"6091.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"worked"}],"start_time":"6091.009","end_time":"6091.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6091.45","end_time":"6091.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6091.66","end_time":"6091.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"open"}],"start_time":"6091.729","end_time":"6092.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"source"}],"start_time":"6092.06","end_time":"6092.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6092.33","end_time":"6092.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6092.509","end_time":"6092.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6092.79","end_time":"6092.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"download"}],"start_time":"6092.97","end_time":"6093.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6093.43","end_time":"6093.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"modify"}],"start_time":"6093.5","end_time":"6093.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"our"}],"start_time":"6093.89","end_time":"6093.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"software"}],"start_time":"6093.919","end_time":"6094.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6094.439","end_time":"6094.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"even"}],"start_time":"6094.81","end_time":"6095.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"students"}],"start_time":"6095.16","end_time":"6095.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6095.72","end_time":"6095.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"universities"}],"start_time":"6095.79","end_time":"6096.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"their"}],"start_time":"6096.959","end_time":"6097.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"teacher"}],"start_time":"6097.14","end_time":"6097.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.853","content":"organized"}],"start_time":"6097.52","end_time":"6097.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.678","content":"courses"}],"start_time":"6097.919","end_time":"6098.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6098.29","end_time":"6098.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.344","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6098.319","end_time":"6098.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.536","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6098.459","end_time":"6098.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6099.16","end_time":"6099.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6099.39","end_time":"6099.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"6099.529","end_time":"6099.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6099.68","end_time":"6099.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"github"}],"start_time":"6099.839","end_time":"6100.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6100.27","end_time":"6100.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6100.529","end_time":"6100.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"collaborate"}],"start_time":"6100.62","end_time":"6101.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6101.209","end_time":"6101.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6101.43","end_time":"6101.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6101.54","end_time":"6101.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"github"}],"start_time":"6101.689","end_time":"6101.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"They"}],"start_time":"6102.029","end_time":"6102.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"6102.279","end_time":"6102.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6102.959","end_time":"6103.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6103.279","end_time":"6103.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"call"}],"start_time":"6103.39","end_time":"6103.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.857","content":"pull"}],"start_time":"6103.52","end_time":"6103.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"requests"}],"start_time":"6103.729","end_time":"6104.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6104.22","end_time":"6104.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6104.33","end_time":"6104.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"propose"}],"start_time":"6104.45","end_time":"6104.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"features"}],"start_time":"6104.939","end_time":"6105.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6105.419","end_time":"6105.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"6105.529","end_time":"6105.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"new"}],"start_time":"6105.87","end_time":"6106.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"features"}],"start_time":"6106.04","end_time":"6106.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6106.279","end_time":"6106.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6106.37","end_time":"6106.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"software"}],"start_time":"6106.45","end_time":"6106.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"They"}],"start_time":"6106.77","end_time":"6106.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"propose"}],"start_time":"6106.879","end_time":"6107.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6107.29","end_time":"6107.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6107.43","end_time":"6107.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6108.04","end_time":"6108.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6108.29","end_time":"6108.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6108.41","end_time":"6108.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6108.43","end_time":"6108.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6108.83","end_time":"6109.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6109.149","end_time":"6109.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"collaborate"}],"start_time":"6109.29","end_time":"6109.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"6109.97","end_time":"6110.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6110.33","end_time":"6110.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"build"}],"start_time":"6110.5","end_time":"6110.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6110.72","end_time":"6111.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6111.95","end_time":"6112.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6112.129","end_time":"6112.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"build"}],"start_time":"6112.41","end_time":"6112.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6112.68","end_time":"6112.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6112.7","end_time":"6113.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"just"}],"start_time":"6113.02","end_time":"6113.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6113.379","end_time":"6113.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6113.52","end_time":"6114.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"6114.439","end_time":"6114.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6114.83","end_time":"6115.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6115.049","end_time":"6115.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"6115.569","end_time":"6116.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"segment"}],"start_time":"6116.06","end_time":"6116.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6116.47","end_time":"6116.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6116.629","end_time":"6116.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"6116.649","end_time":"6117.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6117.77","end_time":"6118.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"6118.149","end_time":"6118.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"segment"}],"start_time":"6118.979","end_time":"6119.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6119.41","end_time":"6119.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6119.549","end_time":"6119.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6119.68","end_time":"6119.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6119.83","end_time":"6120.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6120.229","end_time":"6120.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6120.74","end_time":"6120.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6120.83","end_time":"6121.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"6121.169","end_time":"6121.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6121.31","end_time":"6121.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6121.43","end_time":"6121.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6121.589","end_time":"6121.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"6121.959","end_time":"6122.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6122.839","end_time":"6123.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"6123.14","end_time":"6123.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6123.35","end_time":"6123.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6123.75","end_time":"6123.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"The"}],"start_time":"6123.85","end_time":"6124.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"committee"}],"start_time":"6124.12","end_time":"6124.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sorry"}],"start_time":"6124.5","end_time":"6124.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6124.799","end_time":"6124.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6124.99","end_time":"6125.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"6125.259","end_time":"6125.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6125.609","end_time":"6125.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.854","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6125.95","end_time":"6125.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"together"}],"start_time":"6125.99","end_time":"6126.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6127.0","end_time":"6127.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6127.22","end_time":"6127.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6127.439","end_time":"6127.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6127.459","end_time":"6127.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"6127.6","end_time":"6127.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"committee"}],"start_time":"6127.81","end_time":"6128.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6128.169","end_time":"6128.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6128.299","end_time":"6128.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6128.399","end_time":"6128.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"types"}],"start_time":"6128.49","end_time":"6128.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6128.7","end_time":"6128.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"committee"}],"start_time":"6128.799","end_time":"6129.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"partners"}],"start_time":"6129.129","end_time":"6129.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6129.859","end_time":"6130.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"committee"}],"start_time":"6130.189","end_time":"6130.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"who"}],"start_time":"6130.7","end_time":"6130.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6130.779","end_time":"6130.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6130.91","end_time":"6131.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"6131.31","end_time":"6131.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.816","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6131.95","end_time":"6132.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6132.189","end_time":"6132.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"6132.549","end_time":"6132.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6132.85","end_time":"6133.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6133.12","end_time":"6133.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"contract"}],"start_time":"6133.14","end_time":"6133.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6133.549","end_time":"6133.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6133.729","end_time":"6134.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.916","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6134.62","end_time":"6135.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6135.299","end_time":"6135.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6135.319","end_time":"6135.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"committee"}],"start_time":"6135.58","end_time":"6135.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"works"}],"start_time":"6135.93","end_time":"6136.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6136.279","end_time":"6136.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6136.879","end_time":"6137.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6137.189","end_time":"6137.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"generating"}],"start_time":"6137.459","end_time":"6138.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"revenues"}],"start_time":"6138.02","end_time":"6138.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.772","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6138.45","end_time":"6138.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.537","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6138.799","end_time":"6138.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.38","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6138.819","end_time":"6138.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6139.649","end_time":"6140.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Not"}],"start_time":"6140.439","end_time":"6140.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6140.81","end_time":"6141.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6141.14","end_time":"6141.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"market"}],"start_time":"6141.2","end_time":"6141.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6141.569","end_time":"6141.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"6141.729","end_time":"6142.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6142.45","end_time":"6142.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6143.0","end_time":"6143.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6143.299","end_time":"6143.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.783","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6143.47","end_time":"6143.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"depends"}],"start_time":"6143.56","end_time":"6143.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6143.919","end_time":"6144.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.575","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6144.1","end_time":"6144.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6144.229","end_time":"6144.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6144.39","end_time":"6144.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"6144.629","end_time":"6144.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6145.0","end_time":"6145.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"6145.16","end_time":"6145.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"new"}],"start_time":"6145.56","end_time":"6145.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"features"}],"start_time":"6145.759","end_time":"6146.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6146.2","end_time":"6146.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.598","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6146.439","end_time":"6146.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6147.1","end_time":"6147.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"these"}],"start_time":"6147.68","end_time":"6147.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"communities"}],"start_time":"6147.89","end_time":"6148.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6148.33","end_time":"6148.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"6148.419","end_time":"6149.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6149.06","end_time":"6149.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"partner"}],"start_time":"6149.14","end_time":"6149.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6149.64","end_time":"6149.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"consultant"}],"start_time":"6149.7","end_time":"6150.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"who"}],"start_time":"6150.35","end_time":"6150.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"6150.589","end_time":"6150.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6150.87","end_time":"6151.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6151.22","end_time":"6151.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6151.299","end_time":"6151.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.652","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6151.35","end_time":"6151.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6152.33","end_time":"6152.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6152.589","end_time":"6152.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6152.72","end_time":"6152.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6152.74","end_time":"6153.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"ecosystem"}],"start_time":"6153.43","end_time":"6153.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"One"}],"start_time":"6154.35","end_time":"6154.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6154.799","end_time":"6155.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6155.12","end_time":"6155.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"misunderstood"}],"start_time":"6155.399","end_time":"6156.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"6156.1","end_time":"6156.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6156.439","end_time":"6156.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.95","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6156.609","end_time":"6156.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6156.629","end_time":"6156.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6156.759","end_time":"6156.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6156.879","end_time":"6157.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6157.04","end_time":"6157.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6157.2","end_time":"6157.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"6157.52","end_time":"6157.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.844","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6157.799","end_time":"6157.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6157.919","end_time":"6157.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"6157.939","end_time":"6158.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6158.27","end_time":"6158.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"4000"}],"start_time":"6158.37","end_time":"6158.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6158.729","end_time":"6159.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"The"}],"start_time":"6159.56","end_time":"6159.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reality"}],"start_time":"6159.74","end_time":"6160.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6160.149","end_time":"6160.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6160.229","end_time":"6160.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6160.339","end_time":"6160.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.547","content":"ODO"}],"start_time":"6160.85","end_time":"6160.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6160.979","end_time":"6161.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"6161.16","end_time":"6161.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ecosystem"}],"start_time":"6161.29","end_time":"6162.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6162.339","end_time":"6162.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"200,000"}],"start_time":"6162.75","end_time":"6163.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6163.899","end_time":"6164.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"whose"}],"start_time":"6164.479","end_time":"6164.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"full"}],"start_time":"6164.79","end_time":"6165.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.736","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6165.029","end_time":"6165.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"job"}],"start_time":"6165.29","end_time":"6165.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6165.569","end_time":"6165.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6165.7","end_time":"6165.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6165.799","end_time":"6166.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6166.12","end_time":"6166.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6166.29","end_time":"6166.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6166.31","end_time":"6166.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"6166.75","end_time":"6167.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developing"}],"start_time":"6167.24","end_time":"6167.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6167.709","end_time":"6167.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"6167.83","end_time":"6168.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"consulting"}],"start_time":"6168.129","end_time":"6168.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.707","content":"only"}],"start_time":"6168.589","end_time":"6168.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6169.129","end_time":"6169.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6169.339","end_time":"6169.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6169.479","end_time":"6169.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6169.629","end_time":"6169.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6169.649","end_time":"6170.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6170.41","end_time":"6170.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6170.759","end_time":"6170.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6170.85","end_time":"6171.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"rely"}],"start_time":"6171.279","end_time":"6171.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6171.74","end_time":"6171.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6172.0","end_time":"6172.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"products"}],"start_time":"6172.069","end_time":"6172.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6172.64","end_time":"6173.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6173.049","end_time":"6173.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"their"}],"start_time":"6173.18","end_time":"6173.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"life"}],"start_time":"6173.359","end_time":"6173.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6173.819","end_time":"6173.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"their"}],"start_time":"6173.87","end_time":"6174.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6174.04","end_time":"6174.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6174.899","end_time":"6175.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6175.509","end_time":"6175.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"becomes"}],"start_time":"6175.79","end_time":"6176.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6176.22","end_time":"6176.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6176.24","end_time":"6176.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6176.66","end_time":"6176.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"fans"}],"start_time":"6176.799","end_time":"6177.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6177.359","end_time":"6177.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6177.87","end_time":"6178.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6178.339","end_time":"6178.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6178.629","end_time":"6178.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6178.74","end_time":"6178.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6179.0","end_time":"6179.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"behave"}],"start_time":"6179.18","end_time":"6179.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6179.629","end_time":"6179.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"6179.779","end_time":"6180.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6180.12","end_time":"6180.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"collaborate"}],"start_time":"6180.419","end_time":"6180.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6180.899","end_time":"6181.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"6181.02","end_time":"6181.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6181.299","end_time":"6181.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6181.419","end_time":"6181.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6181.879","end_time":"6182.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"develop"}],"start_time":"6182.16","end_time":"6182.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"together"}],"start_time":"6182.52","end_time":"6183.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6183.14","end_time":"6183.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6183.299","end_time":"6183.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6183.399","end_time":"6183.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"feature"}],"start_time":"6183.56","end_time":"6183.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"They"}],"start_time":"6183.899","end_time":"6183.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6184.0","end_time":"6184.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6184.299","end_time":"6184.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6184.689","end_time":"6184.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"source"}],"start_time":"6184.77","end_time":"6185.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"code"}],"start_time":"6185.06","end_time":"6185.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.752","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6185.299","end_time":"6185.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"product"}],"start_time":"6185.43","end_time":"6186.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"6186.02","end_time":"6186.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6186.56","end_time":"6186.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.89","content":"send"}],"start_time":"6186.819","end_time":"6187.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"6187.06","end_time":"6187.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6187.359","end_time":"6187.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6187.52","end_time":"6187.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6187.629","end_time":"6187.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"feedback"}],"start_time":"6187.779","end_time":"6188.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"6188.509","end_time":"6188.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6188.939","end_time":"6188.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6188.959","end_time":"6189.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"organization"}],"start_time":"6189.62","end_time":"6190.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Marketing"}],"start_time":"6190.339","end_time":"6190.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6190.99","end_time":"6191.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6191.1","end_time":"6191.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6191.359","end_time":"6191.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6191.85","end_time":"6192.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"6192.299","end_time":"6193.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"segment"}],"start_time":"6193.189","end_time":"6193.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"What"}],"start_time":"6194.729","end_time":"6195.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6195.109","end_time":"6195.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6195.2","end_time":"6195.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"purpose"}],"start_time":"6195.299","end_time":"6195.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6195.7","end_time":"6195.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6195.819","end_time":"6195.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6195.879","end_time":"6196.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"6196.319","end_time":"6196.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"creating"}],"start_time":"6196.43","end_time":"6197.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6197.379","end_time":"6197.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"helping"}],"start_time":"6197.589","end_time":"6198.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6198.129","end_time":"6198.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6198.29","end_time":"6199.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6199.33","end_time":"6199.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6199.85","end_time":"6200.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6200.029","end_time":"6200.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"teaching"}],"start_time":"6200.319","end_time":"6200.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"educating"}],"start_time":"6200.839","end_time":"6201.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6201.58","end_time":"6201.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6201.74","end_time":"6201.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6201.93","end_time":"6202.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6202.169","end_time":"6202.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6202.68","end_time":"6202.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6202.799","end_time":"6202.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6202.939","end_time":"6203.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"selling"}],"start_time":"6203.16","end_time":"6203.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6203.899","end_time":"6204.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6204.2","end_time":"6204.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"making"}],"start_time":"6204.629","end_time":"6205.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"6205.02","end_time":"6205.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"become"}],"start_time":"6205.18","end_time":"6205.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"smarter"}],"start_time":"6205.62","end_time":"6206.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6206.22","end_time":"6206.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6206.339","end_time":"6206.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6207.18","end_time":"6207.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6207.479","end_time":"6207.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"6207.66","end_time":"6208.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"then"}],"start_time":"6208.209","end_time":"6208.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6208.64","end_time":"6208.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6208.819","end_time":"6209.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"look"}],"start_time":"6209.02","end_time":"6209.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"back"}],"start_time":"6209.259","end_time":"6209.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"into"}],"start_time":"6209.629","end_time":"6209.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"adding"}],"start_time":"6209.919","end_time":"6210.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6210.109","end_time":"6210.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6210.399","end_time":"6210.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6210.68","end_time":"6210.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6210.83","end_time":"6210.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.819","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6210.919","end_time":"6211.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"smart"}],"start_time":"6211.04","end_time":"6211.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6211.31","end_time":"6211.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6211.419","end_time":"6211.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6211.819","end_time":"6211.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6211.99","end_time":"6212.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sell"}],"start_time":"6212.089","end_time":"6212.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6212.29","end_time":"6212.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.526","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6212.54","end_time":"6212.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6212.62","end_time":"6213.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6213.029","end_time":"6213.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"6213.25","end_time":"6213.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6213.399","end_time":"6213.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6213.419","end_time":"6213.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6213.54","end_time":"6213.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.393","content":"revenues"}],"start_time":"6213.72","end_time":"6214.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6214.459","end_time":"6214.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6214.74","end_time":"6214.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6214.919","end_time":"6215.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6215.1","end_time":"6215.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"them"}],"start_time":"6215.33","end_time":"6215.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6215.529","end_time":"6215.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6215.66","end_time":"6215.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6215.819","end_time":"6216.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6216.04","end_time":"6216.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6216.64","end_time":"6216.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6216.66","end_time":"6217.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6217.02","end_time":"6217.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6217.339","end_time":"6217.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6217.359","end_time":"6217.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6217.58","end_time":"6217.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"companies"}],"start_time":"6217.779","end_time":"6218.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"miss"}],"start_time":"6218.459","end_time":"6218.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6218.89","end_time":"6218.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6218.939","end_time":"6219.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6219.43","end_time":"6219.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6219.649","end_time":"6219.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6219.899","end_time":"6220.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6220.12","end_time":"6220.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6220.339","end_time":"6220.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6220.66","end_time":"6220.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6220.839","end_time":"6221.16"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6221.169","end_time":"6221.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6221.279","end_time":"6221.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6221.419","end_time":"6221.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6221.649","end_time":"6221.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6223.43","end_time":"6224.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6224.81","end_time":"6225.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"6225.959","end_time":"6226.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6226.41","end_time":"6226.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.783","content":"skill"}],"start_time":"6226.43","end_time":"6226.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Does"}],"start_time":"6226.959","end_time":"6227.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6227.169","end_time":"6227.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6227.24","end_time":"6227.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6227.419","end_time":"6227.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"role"}],"start_time":"6227.439","end_time":"6227.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6227.879","end_time":"6227.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"play"}],"start_time":"6228.0","end_time":"6228.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6228.439","end_time":"6228.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6228.6","end_time":"6228.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"6228.72","end_time":"6229.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6229.16","end_time":"6229.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.93","content":"worldwide"}],"start_time":"6229.29","end_time":"6229.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"businesses"}],"start_time":"6229.839","end_time":"6230.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6230.81","end_time":"6230.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"For"}],"start_time":"6230.839","end_time":"6231.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"6231.129","end_time":"6231.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6231.799","end_time":"6232.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6232.049","end_time":"6232.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"an"}],"start_time":"6232.29","end_time":"6232.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"important"}],"start_time":"6232.399","end_time":"6232.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.966","content":"skill"}],"start_time":"6232.839","end_time":"6233.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6233.12","end_time":"6233.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6233.189","end_time":"6233.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6233.29","end_time":"6233.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6233.56","end_time":"6233.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6233.64","end_time":"6234.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6234.069","end_time":"6234.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"6234.089","end_time":"6234.35"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"look"}],"start_time":"6234.359","end_time":"6234.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6234.629","end_time":"6234.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6234.77","end_time":"6234.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.614","content":"influencer"}],"start_time":"6234.839","end_time":"6235.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6235.35","end_time":"6235.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.663","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6235.799","end_time":"6236.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"exploding"}],"start_time":"6236.08","end_time":"6236.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6237.189","end_time":"6237.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6237.979","end_time":"6237.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"everywhere"}],"start_time":"6238.0","end_time":"6238.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6238.569","end_time":"6238.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"exploding"}],"start_time":"6238.64","end_time":"6239.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6239.1","end_time":"6239.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6239.2","end_time":"6239.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6239.27","end_time":"6239.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.91","content":"some"}],"start_time":"6239.37","end_time":"6239.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"areas"}],"start_time":"6239.709","end_time":"6240.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"where"}],"start_time":"6240.609","end_time":"6240.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6241.0","end_time":"6241.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6241.16","end_time":"6241.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"well"}],"start_time":"6241.819","end_time":"6242.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"behind"}],"start_time":"6242.35","end_time":"6242.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6243.31","end_time":"6244.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6244.029","end_time":"6244.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6244.109","end_time":"6244.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6244.529","end_time":"6244.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6244.62","end_time":"6244.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"C"}],"start_time":"6244.779","end_time":"6244.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6244.97","end_time":"6244.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6245.0","end_time":"6245.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mature"}],"start_time":"6245.33","end_time":"6245.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6246.22","end_time":"6246.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6246.339","end_time":"6246.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6246.39","end_time":"6246.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6246.41","end_time":"6246.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6246.589","end_time":"6246.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"influence"}],"start_time":"6246.729","end_time":"6247.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.577","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6247.109","end_time":"6247.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6247.14","end_time":"6247.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6247.569","end_time":"6247.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6247.609","end_time":"6247.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.876","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6247.7","end_time":"6247.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"CB"}],"start_time":"6247.85","end_time":"6248.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6248.029","end_time":"6248.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6248.2","end_time":"6248.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.628","content":"there's"}],"start_time":"6248.62","end_time":"6248.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.938","content":"barely"}],"start_time":"6248.959","end_time":"6249.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"nothing"}],"start_time":"6249.24","end_time":"6249.75"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6250.54","end_time":"6251.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6251.04","end_time":"6251.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"limited"}],"start_time":"6251.47","end_time":"6252.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6252.02","end_time":"6252.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6252.54","end_time":"6252.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6252.759","end_time":"6253.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6253.049","end_time":"6253.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6253.229","end_time":"6253.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6253.279","end_time":"6253.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6253.41","end_time":"6253.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.928","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6253.669","end_time":"6253.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"beginning"}],"start_time":"6253.959","end_time":"6254.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6254.5","end_time":"6254.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6254.629","end_time":"6254.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.702","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6254.74","end_time":"6254.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6254.87","end_time":"6254.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6255.0","end_time":"6255.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6255.759","end_time":"6256.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6256.06","end_time":"6256.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"whether"}],"start_time":"6256.91","end_time":"6257.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6257.25","end_time":"6257.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6257.399","end_time":"6258.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6258.12","end_time":"6258.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6258.22","end_time":"6258.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6258.87","end_time":"6258.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"whatever"}],"start_time":"6258.939","end_time":"6259.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6259.379","end_time":"6259.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6259.479","end_time":"6260.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"early"}],"start_time":"6260.5","end_time":"6260.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"days"}],"start_time":"6260.66","end_time":"6260.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6260.919","end_time":"6260.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"6260.939","end_time":"6261.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"say"}],"start_time":"6261.109","end_time":"6261.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6262.04","end_time":"6262.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6262.259","end_time":"6262.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"mature"}],"start_time":"6262.47","end_time":"6262.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6262.72","end_time":"6262.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6262.79","end_time":"6262.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.691","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6262.89","end_time":"6263.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"C"}],"start_time":"6263.009","end_time":"6263.129"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6263.14","end_time":"6263.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6263.299","end_time":"6263.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"means"}],"start_time":"6263.399","end_time":"6263.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6263.609","end_time":"6263.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6263.759","end_time":"6263.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"6263.939","end_time":"6264.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6264.18","end_time":"6264.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6264.41","end_time":"6264.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6264.43","end_time":"6264.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6264.68","end_time":"6265.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6265.04","end_time":"6265.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"strong"}],"start_time":"6265.399","end_time":"6265.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"growth"}],"start_time":"6265.819","end_time":"6266.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6266.14","end_time":"6266.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6266.22","end_time":"6266.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"market"}],"start_time":"6266.399","end_time":"6266.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.862","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6266.77","end_time":"6267.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6267.02","end_time":"6267.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6267.08","end_time":"6267.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6267.609","end_time":"6267.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6268.0","end_time":"6268.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6268.06","end_time":"6268.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6268.14","end_time":"6268.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6268.25","end_time":"6268.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6268.379","end_time":"6268.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"we'd"}],"start_time":"6268.529","end_time":"6268.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"only"}],"start_time":"6268.75","end_time":"6269.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"start"}],"start_time":"6269.27","end_time":"6269.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6269.569","end_time":"6269.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"address"}],"start_time":"6269.709","end_time":"6269.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6269.959","end_time":"6270.189"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"If"}],"start_time":"6272.22","end_time":"6272.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6273.0","end_time":"6273.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"has"}],"start_time":"6273.37","end_time":"6273.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6273.85","end_time":"6274.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.542","content":"related"}],"start_time":"6274.399","end_time":"6274.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"skills"}],"start_time":"6274.729","end_time":"6275.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6275.189","end_time":"6275.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"editing"}],"start_time":"6275.43","end_time":"6276.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"6276.569","end_time":"6276.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Someone"}],"start_time":"6276.83","end_time":"6277.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.675","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6277.209","end_time":"6277.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6277.25","end_time":"6277.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6277.27","end_time":"6277.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6277.629","end_time":"6277.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"editor"}],"start_time":"6277.759","end_time":"6278.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6278.089","end_time":"6278.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6278.37","end_time":"6278.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6278.49","end_time":"6278.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"creator"}],"start_time":"6278.83","end_time":"6279.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6279.75","end_time":"6279.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6279.77","end_time":"6280.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"6280.49","end_time":"6280.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hire"}],"start_time":"6280.629","end_time":"6280.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6280.91","end_time":"6281.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"person"}],"start_time":"6281.02","end_time":"6281.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"6281.589","end_time":"6282.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6282.72","end_time":"6283.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"would"}],"start_time":"6283.18","end_time":"6283.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"other"}],"start_time":"6283.629","end_time":"6283.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"6283.95","end_time":"6284.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"businesses"}],"start_time":"6284.64","end_time":"6285.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"6285.149","end_time":"6285.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hire"}],"start_time":"6285.529","end_time":"6285.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"these"}],"start_time":"6285.839","end_time":"6286.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"6286.069","end_time":"6286.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6286.29","end_time":"6286.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6286.359","end_time":"6286.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"6287.109","end_time":"6287.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6287.669","end_time":"6287.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6287.95","end_time":"6288.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"need"}],"start_time":"6288.169","end_time":"6288.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6288.299","end_time":"6288.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6288.33","end_time":"6288.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6289.169","end_time":"6289.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6289.39","end_time":"6289.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"6289.609","end_time":"6290.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.699","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6290.06","end_time":"6290.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.595","content":"had"}],"start_time":"6290.08","end_time":"6290.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6290.12","end_time":"6290.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6290.25","end_time":"6290.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"over"}],"start_time":"6290.54","end_time":"6290.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"4000"}],"start_time":"6290.859","end_time":"6291.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6291.33","end_time":"6291.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.578","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6292.18","end_time":"6292.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"6293.41","end_time":"6293.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.58","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6295.25","end_time":"6295.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6295.589","end_time":"6295.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6295.979","end_time":"6295.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6296.0","end_time":"6296.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6296.39","end_time":"6296.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6296.509","end_time":"6296.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6296.689","end_time":"6296.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"core"}],"start_time":"6296.709","end_time":"6296.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6296.93","end_time":"6297.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.943","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6297.669","end_time":"6297.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6297.979","end_time":"6298.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"would"}],"start_time":"6298.129","end_time":"6298.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6298.339","end_time":"6298.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6298.62","end_time":"6298.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6298.74","end_time":"6298.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6298.759","end_time":"6299.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"6299.14","end_time":"6299.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6299.589","end_time":"6299.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"would"}],"start_time":"6299.74","end_time":"6299.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6299.91","end_time":"6300.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"totally"}],"start_time":"6300.049","end_time":"6300.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"6300.419","end_time":"6300.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6301.29","end_time":"6302.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6302.56","end_time":"6303.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"despite"}],"start_time":"6303.08","end_time":"6303.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"6303.49","end_time":"6303.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6303.839","end_time":"6303.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6303.93","end_time":"6304.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6304.08","end_time":"6304.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6304.149","end_time":"6304.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6304.509","end_time":"6304.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6304.629","end_time":"6304.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"seven"}],"start_time":"6304.79","end_time":"6305.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"out"}],"start_time":"6305.08","end_time":"6305.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6305.279","end_time":"6305.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9984999999999999","content":"4000"}],"start_time":"6305.379","end_time":"6305.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6305.95","end_time":"6306.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"6306.56","end_time":"6306.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6306.75","end_time":"6306.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6306.85","end_time":"6307.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"editing"}],"start_time":"6307.259","end_time":"6307.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.575","content":"got"}],"start_time":"6308.549","end_time":"6309.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.556","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6309.109","end_time":"6309.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"whether"}],"start_time":"6309.629","end_time":"6310.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6310.189","end_time":"6310.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"audio"}],"start_time":"6310.5","end_time":"6310.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6310.979","end_time":"6311.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6312.169","end_time":"6312.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6312.83","end_time":"6313.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6313.339","end_time":"6313.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6313.419","end_time":"6313.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"designers"}],"start_time":"6313.58","end_time":"6314.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"designers"}],"start_time":"6314.069","end_time":"6314.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6314.509","end_time":"6314.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6314.609","end_time":"6314.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6314.729","end_time":"6314.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6314.75","end_time":"6315.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6315.569","end_time":"6315.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"designer"}],"start_time":"6315.859","end_time":"6316.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6316.37","end_time":"6316.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6316.39","end_time":"6316.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6316.66","end_time":"6316.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6316.859","end_time":"6317.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"70"}],"start_time":"6318.419","end_time":"6319.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6319.629","end_time":"6320.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"around"}],"start_time":"6320.089","end_time":"6320.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"70"}],"start_time":"6320.27","end_time":"6320.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6320.58","end_time":"6320.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6320.95","end_time":"6321.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"offer"}],"start_time":"6321.12","end_time":"6321.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6321.35","end_time":"6321.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"6321.529","end_time":"6321.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6321.669","end_time":"6321.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6321.689","end_time":"6322.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6322.029","end_time":"6322.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.867","content":"our"}],"start_time":"6322.14","end_time":"6322.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"client"}],"start_time":"6322.189","end_time":"6322.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6322.85","end_time":"6323.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6323.18","end_time":"6323.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6323.279","end_time":"6323.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"an"}],"start_time":"6323.509","end_time":"6323.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"app"}],"start_time":"6323.91","end_time":"6324.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"6324.029","end_time":"6324.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6324.22","end_time":"6324.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6324.29","end_time":"6324.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"6324.31","end_time":"6324.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"builder"}],"start_time":"6324.609","end_time":"6325.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6325.52","end_time":"6325.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6325.81","end_time":"6326.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6326.089","end_time":"6326.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6326.33","end_time":"6326.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"part"}],"start_time":"6326.439","end_time":"6326.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6326.689","end_time":"6326.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"our"}],"start_time":"6326.81","end_time":"6326.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6326.89","end_time":"6327.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6327.259","end_time":"6327.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"6327.31","end_time":"6327.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6327.459","end_time":"6327.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"want"}],"start_time":"6327.6","end_time":"6327.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6327.79","end_time":"6327.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"6327.85","end_time":"6328.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6328.12","end_time":"6328.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"design"}],"start_time":"6328.169","end_time":"6328.5"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"We"}],"start_time":"6328.509","end_time":"6328.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6328.62","end_time":"6328.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"6328.759","end_time":"6328.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6329.0","end_time":"6329.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6329.089","end_time":"6329.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6329.5","end_time":"6329.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"top"}],"start_time":"6329.6","end_time":"6329.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6329.819","end_time":"6329.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6329.879","end_time":"6329.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"website"}],"start_time":"6330.0","end_time":"6330.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"builder"}],"start_time":"6330.229","end_time":"6330.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6330.75","end_time":"6330.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6330.959","end_time":"6331.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"Naval"}],"start_time":"6331.189","end_time":"6331.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"Ravikant"}],"start_time":"6331.799","end_time":"6331.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6332.339","end_time":"6332.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"6332.85","end_time":"6333.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6333.31","end_time":"6333.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6333.33","end_time":"6333.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6333.689","end_time":"6334.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6334.529","end_time":"6334.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.86","content":"tech"}],"start_time":"6334.93","end_time":"6335.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"influencer"}],"start_time":"6335.379","end_time":"6336.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6336.169","end_time":"6336.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Twitter"}],"start_time":"6336.64","end_time":"6337.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6337.18","end_time":"6337.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"6337.33","end_time":"6337.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"6337.649","end_time":"6337.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6337.85","end_time":"6338.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6338.04","end_time":"6338.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6338.33","end_time":"6338.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"6338.41","end_time":"6339.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6339.45","end_time":"6339.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"he"}],"start_time":"6339.72","end_time":"6339.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"6339.99","end_time":"6340.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6340.24","end_time":"6340.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"saying"}],"start_time":"6340.259","end_time":"6340.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6340.6","end_time":"6340.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.804","content":"he's"}],"start_time":"6340.819","end_time":"6340.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6341.0","end_time":"6341.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"respected"}],"start_time":"6341.12","end_time":"6341.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6341.74","end_time":"6341.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6341.81","end_time":"6341.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"tech"}],"start_time":"6341.899","end_time":"6342.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6342.049","end_time":"6342.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6342.549","end_time":"6342.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"6342.609","end_time":"6342.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"especially"}],"start_time":"6342.97","end_time":"6343.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6343.5","end_time":"6343.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"also"}],"start_time":"6343.759","end_time":"6344.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"India"}],"start_time":"6344.129","end_time":"6344.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Now"}],"start_time":"6344.319","end_time":"6344.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.924","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6344.75","end_time":"6344.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"he"}],"start_time":"6345.009","end_time":"6346.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"said"}],"start_time":"6346.009","end_time":"6346.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6346.22","end_time":"6346.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6346.479","end_time":"6346.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6346.879","end_time":"6347.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6347.04","end_time":"6347.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6347.16","end_time":"6347.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6347.379","end_time":"6347.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"code"}],"start_time":"6347.479","end_time":"6348.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6348.35","end_time":"6348.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6348.6","end_time":"6348.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6348.74","end_time":"6348.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6348.87","end_time":"6349.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6349.04","end_time":"6349.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6349.27","end_time":"6349.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"6349.359","end_time":"6349.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6349.74","end_time":"6350.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"6350.069","end_time":"6350.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6350.669","end_time":"6350.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6350.799","end_time":"6351.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"6351.79","end_time":"6352.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6352.39","end_time":"6352.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"likely"}],"start_time":"6352.62","end_time":"6353.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6353.209","end_time":"6353.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6353.37","end_time":"6353.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6353.5","end_time":"6353.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"make"}],"start_time":"6353.62","end_time":"6353.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"6353.839","end_time":"6354.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6354.149","end_time":"6354.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6354.229","end_time":"6354.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"6354.33","end_time":"6354.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"code"}],"start_time":"6355.799","end_time":"6356.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"everyone"}],"start_time":"6356.64","end_time":"6357.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"understands"}],"start_time":"6357.14","end_time":"6357.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6357.759","end_time":"6358.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6358.049","end_time":"6358.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6358.279","end_time":"6358.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6358.319","end_time":"6358.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"make"}],"start_time":"6358.439","end_time":"6358.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"money"}],"start_time":"6358.6","end_time":"6358.95"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6359.16","end_time":"6359.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6359.37","end_time":"6359.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6359.47","end_time":"6359.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"agree"}],"start_time":"6359.569","end_time":"6359.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6359.839","end_time":"6359.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6359.99","end_time":"6360.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6360.02","end_time":"6360.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"side"}],"start_time":"6360.45","end_time":"6360.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6360.649","end_time":"6360.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6360.7","end_time":"6360.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6360.919","end_time":"6360.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6360.979","end_time":"6361.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6361.1","end_time":"6361.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6361.189","end_time":"6361.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6361.24","end_time":"6361.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6361.41","end_time":"6361.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"6361.479","end_time":"6361.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6361.64","end_time":"6361.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"quality"}],"start_time":"6361.799","end_time":"6362.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6362.27","end_time":"6362.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.588","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6362.75","end_time":"6362.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6362.959","end_time":"6363.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6363.189","end_time":"6363.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6363.879","end_time":"6363.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6363.939","end_time":"6364.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6364.319","end_time":"6364.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6364.52","end_time":"6364.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"early"}],"start_time":"6364.64","end_time":"6364.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"days"}],"start_time":"6364.87","end_time":"6365.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6365.93","end_time":"6365.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6366.069","end_time":"6366.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6366.399","end_time":"6366.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"successful"}],"start_time":"6366.509","end_time":"6367.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.902","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6367.47","end_time":"6367.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6368.37","end_time":"6368.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"artist"}],"start_time":"6368.919","end_time":"6369.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6369.759","end_time":"6369.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6369.919","end_time":"6370.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"creator"}],"start_time":"6370.339","end_time":"6371.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6371.24","end_time":"6371.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6372.04","end_time":"6372.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6372.27","end_time":"6372.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"started"}],"start_time":"6372.439","end_time":"6372.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"5"}],"start_time":"6372.879","end_time":"6373.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"10"}],"start_time":"6373.35","end_time":"6373.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6373.49","end_time":"6373.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ago"}],"start_time":"6373.68","end_time":"6373.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"It"}],"start_time":"6373.879","end_time":"6373.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6373.97","end_time":"6374.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"much"}],"start_time":"6374.109","end_time":"6374.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"easier"}],"start_time":"6374.319","end_time":"6374.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"today"}],"start_time":"6375.109","end_time":"6375.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6375.66","end_time":"6375.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6375.819","end_time":"6376.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6376.069","end_time":"6376.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6376.45","end_time":"6376.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6376.6","end_time":"6376.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"6376.79","end_time":"6376.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"true"}],"start_time":"6377.0","end_time":"6377.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6377.759","end_time":"6378.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"The"}],"start_time":"6378.66","end_time":"6379.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6379.29","end_time":"6379.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6379.62","end_time":"6379.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"best"}],"start_time":"6379.839","end_time":"6380.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"6380.209","end_time":"6380.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6380.879","end_time":"6381.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6381.12","end_time":"6381.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6381.259","end_time":"6381.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"6381.279","end_time":"6381.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.892","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6381.58","end_time":"6381.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"believe"}],"start_time":"6381.6","end_time":"6382.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6382.1","end_time":"6382.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6382.209","end_time":"6382.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"6382.229","end_time":"6382.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6382.45","end_time":"6382.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.537","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6382.87","end_time":"6382.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"sport"}],"start_time":"6382.89","end_time":"6383.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Only"}],"start_time":"6383.919","end_time":"6384.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6384.33","end_time":"6384.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"top"}],"start_time":"6384.439","end_time":"6384.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.656","content":"16"}],"start_time":"6385.29","end_time":"6385.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6385.729","end_time":"6385.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"6385.87","end_time":"6386.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"6386.06","end_time":"6386.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6386.22","end_time":"6386.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6386.319","end_time":"6386.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"Crow"}],"start_time":"6386.45","end_time":"6386.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"True"}],"start_time":"6387.22","end_time":"6387.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.672","content":"You're"}],"start_time":"6387.859","end_time":"6388.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"6388.1","end_time":"6388.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6388.31","end_time":"6388.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6388.379","end_time":"6388.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"creation"}],"start_time":"6388.7","end_time":"6389.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.957","content":"Yes"}],"start_time":"6389.459","end_time":"6389.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.767","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"6389.759","end_time":"6390.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6390.169","end_time":"6390.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"6390.43","end_time":"6390.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6390.589","end_time":"6390.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6390.74","end_time":"6391.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"percentage"}],"start_time":"6391.81","end_time":"6392.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.66","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6392.259","end_time":"6392.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.914","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6392.35","end_time":"6392.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"extremely"}],"start_time":"6392.399","end_time":"6392.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6392.919","end_time":"6393.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6393.16","end_time":"6393.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"make"}],"start_time":"6393.759","end_time":"6394.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6394.24","end_time":"6394.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6394.339","end_time":"6394.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6394.359","end_time":"6394.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6394.64","end_time":"6395.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Have"}],"start_time":"6395.18","end_time":"6395.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6395.49","end_time":"6395.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"6395.569","end_time":"6395.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"6395.77","end_time":"6396.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6396.259","end_time":"6396.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6396.43","end_time":"6396.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"6396.7","end_time":"6397.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"those"}],"start_time":"6397.129","end_time":"6397.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.899","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6397.399","end_time":"6397.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6397.68","end_time":"6397.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6397.95","end_time":"6398.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6398.149","end_time":"6398.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6398.299","end_time":"6398.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6398.399","end_time":"6398.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"eyes"}],"start_time":"6398.669","end_time":"6398.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"6398.99","end_time":"6399.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"6399.18","end_time":"6399.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6399.439","end_time":"6399.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6399.459","end_time":"6399.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6399.6","end_time":"6399.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.812","content":"create"}],"start_time":"6399.979","end_time":"6400.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"6400.5","end_time":"6400.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6400.72","end_time":"6400.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6400.97","end_time":"6400.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6400.99","end_time":"6401.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6401.439","end_time":"6402.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"consumer"}],"start_time":"6402.049","end_time":"6402.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6402.68","end_time":"6402.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6402.839","end_time":"6402.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.71","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6402.859","end_time":"6403.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.935","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6403.109","end_time":"6403.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.949","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6403.41","end_time":"6403.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6403.45","end_time":"6403.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6403.629","end_time":"6404.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"watch"}],"start_time":"6404.189","end_time":"6404.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6404.39","end_time":"6404.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"6404.52","end_time":"6404.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Fair"}],"start_time":"6405.14","end_time":"6405.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6405.709","end_time":"6405.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"say"}],"start_time":"6405.819","end_time":"6405.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6405.99","end_time":"6406.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6406.1","end_time":"6406.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6406.25","end_time":"6406.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.967","content":"eyes"}],"start_time":"6406.39","end_time":"6406.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.622","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6406.54","end_time":"6406.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"just"}],"start_time":"6406.64","end_time":"6406.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"numbers"}],"start_time":"6406.839","end_time":"6407.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6407.649","end_time":"6407.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"6407.87","end_time":"6408.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.644","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6408.899","end_time":"6408.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.32","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"6409.089","end_time":"6409.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.771","content":"assuming"}],"start_time":"6409.379","end_time":"6409.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6409.68","end_time":"6409.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"6409.83","end_time":"6410.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.898","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6410.169","end_time":"6410.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"let's"}],"start_time":"6410.649","end_time":"6411.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"speak"}],"start_time":"6411.31","end_time":"6411.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6411.5","end_time":"6411.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.544","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6411.7","end_time":"6411.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6411.75","end_time":"6411.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6412.189","end_time":"6412.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6412.549","end_time":"6412.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6412.569","end_time":"6412.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6412.7","end_time":"6412.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6412.72","end_time":"6412.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6412.89","end_time":"6413.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"team"}],"start_time":"6413.319","end_time":"6413.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6413.609","end_time":"6413.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6413.979","end_time":"6414.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.724","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6414.009","end_time":"6414.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.794","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6414.959","end_time":"6415.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6415.049","end_time":"6415.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6415.31","end_time":"6415.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6415.669","end_time":"6415.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.941","content":"serve"}],"start_time":"6415.95","end_time":"6416.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6416.18","end_time":"6416.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"6416.2","end_time":"6416.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"purpose"}],"start_time":"6416.509","end_time":"6416.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6416.819","end_time":"6416.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6416.97","end_time":"6417.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6417.1","end_time":"6417.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"views"}],"start_time":"6417.299","end_time":"6417.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6417.629","end_time":"6417.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6417.75","end_time":"6417.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"helping"}],"start_time":"6417.939","end_time":"6418.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"others"}],"start_time":"6418.41","end_time":"6418.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6418.83","end_time":"6419.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"6419.209","end_time":"6419.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"views"}],"start_time":"6419.6","end_time":"6419.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.625","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6420.41","end_time":"6420.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"useful"}],"start_time":"6420.799","end_time":"6421.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6421.14","end_time":"6421.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.844","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6421.299","end_time":"6421.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.855","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6421.799","end_time":"6422.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"For"}],"start_time":"6422.75","end_time":"6423.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6423.089","end_time":"6423.45"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6423.459","end_time":"6423.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6423.649","end_time":"6424.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"educating"}],"start_time":"6424.7","end_time":"6425.459"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6425.47","end_time":"6425.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6425.709","end_time":"6425.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6425.93","end_time":"6426.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"viewer"}],"start_time":"6426.209","end_time":"6426.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"6426.83","end_time":"6427.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"6427.16","end_time":"6427.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6427.529","end_time":"6427.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6427.97","end_time":"6428.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6428.08","end_time":"6428.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"6428.209","end_time":"6428.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"while"}],"start_time":"6428.509","end_time":"6428.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"he"}],"start_time":"6428.709","end_time":"6428.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"learns"}],"start_time":"6428.74","end_time":"6429.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6429.529","end_time":"6429.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.731","content":"he"}],"start_time":"6429.85","end_time":"6429.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6429.89","end_time":"6430.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"should"}],"start_time":"6430.25","end_time":"6430.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6430.649","end_time":"6430.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6430.759","end_time":"6431.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"6431.069","end_time":"6431.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"having"}],"start_time":"6431.339","end_time":"6431.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"viewed"}],"start_time":"6431.56","end_time":"6431.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6431.799","end_time":"6431.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"videos"}],"start_time":"6431.87","end_time":"6432.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"6432.74","end_time":"6432.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6433.0","end_time":"6433.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6433.189","end_time":"6433.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"6433.259","end_time":"6433.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.432","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6433.54","end_time":"6433.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"entertainment"}],"start_time":"6433.779","end_time":"6434.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"There"}],"start_time":"6434.339","end_time":"6434.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6434.47","end_time":"6434.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6434.529","end_time":"6434.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6434.549","end_time":"6434.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6434.779","end_time":"6435.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.955","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6435.06","end_time":"6435.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6435.589","end_time":"6435.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6435.87","end_time":"6435.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"6435.89","end_time":"6436.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6436.189","end_time":"6436.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"6436.209","end_time":"6436.759"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6437.089","end_time":"6437.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"6437.16","end_time":"6437.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6437.689","end_time":"6437.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6437.95","end_time":"6437.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"really"}],"start_time":"6437.97","end_time":"6438.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6438.279","end_time":"6438.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6438.56","end_time":"6438.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6438.89","end_time":"6439.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6439.169","end_time":"6439.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"provide"}],"start_time":"6439.589","end_time":"6439.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6439.959","end_time":"6440.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6440.669","end_time":"6440.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"6440.79","end_time":"6441.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6441.029","end_time":"6441.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"say"}],"start_time":"6441.149","end_time":"6441.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6441.31","end_time":"6441.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"6441.689","end_time":"6442.799"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6443.1","end_time":"6443.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"6443.319","end_time":"6443.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6443.589","end_time":"6444.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6444.169","end_time":"6444.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"create"}],"start_time":"6444.399","end_time":"6444.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6444.97","end_time":"6445.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6445.12","end_time":"6445.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6445.509","end_time":"6445.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6445.759","end_time":"6446.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6446.45","end_time":"6446.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6446.549","end_time":"6446.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"product"}],"start_time":"6446.609","end_time":"6447.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6447.45","end_time":"6447.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"marketing"}],"start_time":"6447.47","end_time":"6448.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.904","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6448.24","end_time":"6448.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6448.339","end_time":"6448.77"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6448.779","end_time":"6448.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"create"}],"start_time":"6448.879","end_time":"6449.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6449.169","end_time":"6449.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perception"}],"start_time":"6449.25","end_time":"6449.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6449.839","end_time":"6449.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6449.93","end_time":"6450.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6450.009","end_time":"6450.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6450.74","end_time":"6450.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6450.919","end_time":"6451.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"create"}],"start_time":"6451.089","end_time":"6451.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6451.29","end_time":"6451.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"best"}],"start_time":"6451.35","end_time":"6451.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6451.62","end_time":"6452.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6452.129","end_time":"6452.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"want"}],"start_time":"6452.35","end_time":"6452.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6452.669","end_time":"6453.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6453.089","end_time":"6453.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6453.459","end_time":"6453.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"understand"}],"start_time":"6453.77","end_time":"6454.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6454.319","end_time":"6454.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6454.899","end_time":"6454.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6454.97","end_time":"6455.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6455.45","end_time":"6455.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6455.7","end_time":"6455.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6455.72","end_time":"6456.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6456.089","end_time":"6456.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6456.379","end_time":"6456.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.888","content":"won't"}],"start_time":"6456.49","end_time":"6456.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"use"}],"start_time":"6456.72","end_time":"6456.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6456.919","end_time":"6457.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6457.359","end_time":"6457.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6457.58","end_time":"6457.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"need"}],"start_time":"6457.729","end_time":"6458.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6458.069","end_time":"6458.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"need"}],"start_time":"6458.45","end_time":"6458.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"both"}],"start_time":"6458.649","end_time":"6459.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"What"}],"start_time":"6459.49","end_time":"6459.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6459.74","end_time":"6459.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6459.85","end_time":"6459.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"picked"}],"start_time":"6459.93","end_time":"6460.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"up"}],"start_time":"6460.189","end_time":"6460.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6460.279","end_time":"6460.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6460.509","end_time":"6460.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.828","content":"creation"}],"start_time":"6460.89","end_time":"6461.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"today"}],"start_time":"6461.259","end_time":"6461.68"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6463.319","end_time":"6464.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"A"}],"start_time":"6464.319","end_time":"6464.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6464.339","end_time":"6464.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6464.75","end_time":"6466.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6466.12","end_time":"6466.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"interview"}],"start_time":"6466.669","end_time":"6467.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"show"}],"start_time":"6467.5","end_time":"6468.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6468.18","end_time":"6468.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"similar"}],"start_time":"6468.379","end_time":"6468.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6468.85","end_time":"6469.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6469.149","end_time":"6469.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6469.379","end_time":"6469.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"used"}],"start_time":"6469.41","end_time":"6469.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6469.649","end_time":"6469.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6469.729","end_time":"6469.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6469.939","end_time":"6470.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"6470.009","end_time":"6470.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6470.85","end_time":"6470.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"6470.91","end_time":"6471.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6471.189","end_time":"6471.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6471.37","end_time":"6471.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6471.589","end_time":"6471.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6471.75","end_time":"6472.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"6472.02","end_time":"6472.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6472.22","end_time":"6472.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"discussion"}],"start_time":"6472.75","end_time":"6473.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"6474.089","end_time":"6474.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"6474.339","end_time":"6474.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"done"}],"start_time":"6474.509","end_time":"6474.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6474.759","end_time":"6474.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6474.779","end_time":"6475.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6475.399","end_time":"6475.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.75","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6475.47","end_time":"6475.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6475.97","end_time":"6476.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"ones"}],"start_time":"6476.339","end_time":"6476.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"OK"}],"start_time":"6476.75","end_time":"6477.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6477.299","end_time":"6477.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.948","content":"they've"}],"start_time":"6477.629","end_time":"6478.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"6478.759","end_time":"6479.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6479.169","end_time":"6479.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"similar"}],"start_time":"6479.25","end_time":"6479.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"6479.669","end_time":"6480.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.856","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6480.529","end_time":"6480.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6480.549","end_time":"6481.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6481.029","end_time":"6481.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"similar"}],"start_time":"6481.31","end_time":"6481.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"question"}],"start_time":"6481.649","end_time":"6482.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6482.069","end_time":"6482.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.629","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6482.39","end_time":"6482.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.908","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6482.689","end_time":"6483.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.807","content":"idea"}],"start_time":"6483.149","end_time":"6483.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6483.49","end_time":"6483.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6483.64","end_time":"6483.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6483.74","end_time":"6484.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6484.299","end_time":"6485.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6485.649","end_time":"6485.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6485.959","end_time":"6486.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6486.14","end_time":"6486.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6486.229","end_time":"6486.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"open"}],"start_time":"6486.379","end_time":"6486.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6486.85","end_time":"6487.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6487.049","end_time":"6487.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6487.069","end_time":"6487.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"discussion"}],"start_time":"6487.25","end_time":"6488.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6488.74","end_time":"6489.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.862","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6490.18","end_time":"6490.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"6490.29","end_time":"6491.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"interest"}],"start_time":"6491.1","end_time":"6491.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6491.43","end_time":"6491.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6491.68","end_time":"6491.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.63","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6491.77","end_time":"6491.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6491.819","end_time":"6491.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6491.979","end_time":"6492.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6492.24","end_time":"6492.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6492.259","end_time":"6492.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6492.97","end_time":"6493.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"want"}],"start_time":"6493.12","end_time":"6493.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6493.339","end_time":"6493.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"6493.439","end_time":"6494.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"6495.2","end_time":"6495.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6495.569","end_time":"6495.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6495.77","end_time":"6496.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"expand"}],"start_time":"6496.029","end_time":"6496.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6496.879","end_time":"6496.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"6496.97","end_time":"6497.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"as"}],"start_time":"6497.49","end_time":"6497.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6497.64","end_time":"6497.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6497.66","end_time":"6498.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"creator"}],"start_time":"6498.009","end_time":"6498.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6499.7","end_time":"6499.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6499.89","end_time":"6500.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6500.31","end_time":"6500.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6500.399","end_time":"6500.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6500.459","end_time":"6500.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6500.83","end_time":"6500.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6500.959","end_time":"6501.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"job"}],"start_time":"6501.319","end_time":"6501.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"6501.569","end_time":"6501.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6501.709","end_time":"6501.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.925","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6503.45","end_time":"6503.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6503.569","end_time":"6503.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6503.979","end_time":"6504.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6504.189","end_time":"6504.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6504.629","end_time":"6504.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"than"}],"start_time":"6504.77","end_time":"6504.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6504.97","end_time":"6505.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"6505.899","end_time":"6506.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6506.22","end_time":"6506.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6506.35","end_time":"6506.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reach"}],"start_time":"6506.37","end_time":"6506.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6506.68","end_time":"6506.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"view"}],"start_time":"6506.77","end_time":"6506.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"How"}],"start_time":"6506.939","end_time":"6507.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6507.39","end_time":"6507.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6507.569","end_time":"6508.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"European"}],"start_time":"6508.29","end_time":"6508.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6508.919","end_time":"6509.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"who"}],"start_time":"6509.609","end_time":"6509.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6509.839","end_time":"6509.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6509.89","end_time":"6509.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"positions"}],"start_time":"6509.97","end_time":"6510.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6510.49","end_time":"6510.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"power"}],"start_time":"6510.58","end_time":"6511.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6511.259","end_time":"6511.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6511.62","end_time":"6511.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6511.819","end_time":"6512.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6512.02","end_time":"6512.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6512.229","end_time":"6512.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"exist"}],"start_time":"6512.299","end_time":"6512.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6513.759","end_time":"6514.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Maybe"}],"start_time":"6514.81","end_time":"6515.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.723","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6515.729","end_time":"6515.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.455","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"6515.75","end_time":"6516.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"rephrase"}],"start_time":"6516.02","end_time":"6516.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.39","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6516.54","end_time":"6516.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"question"}],"start_time":"6516.589","end_time":"6516.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6516.979","end_time":"6517.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6517.109","end_time":"6517.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6517.29","end_time":"6517.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6517.39","end_time":"6517.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"6517.5","end_time":"6517.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"need"}],"start_time":"6517.77","end_time":"6518.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6518.43","end_time":"6518.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"6518.509","end_time":"6518.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6518.839","end_time":"6518.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6518.93","end_time":"6519.58"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6520.75","end_time":"6520.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6520.819","end_time":"6521.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6521.319","end_time":"6521.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6521.819","end_time":"6522.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"content"}],"start_time":"6522.7","end_time":"6523.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"creator"}],"start_time":"6523.52","end_time":"6524.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6524.7","end_time":"6525.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6525.43","end_time":"6525.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6525.75","end_time":"6526.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"product"}],"start_time":"6526.02","end_time":"6526.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6526.79","end_time":"6527.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6527.1","end_time":"6527.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6527.439","end_time":"6527.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"build"}],"start_time":"6527.54","end_time":"6527.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.974","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6527.799","end_time":"6527.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6527.859","end_time":"6527.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"long"}],"start_time":"6527.939","end_time":"6528.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"term"}],"start_time":"6528.149","end_time":"6528.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6528.93","end_time":"6529.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6529.109","end_time":"6529.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6529.27","end_time":"6529.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"start"}],"start_time":"6529.37","end_time":"6529.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"small"}],"start_time":"6529.609","end_time":"6529.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6529.939","end_time":"6530.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"acquire"}],"start_time":"6530.1","end_time":"6530.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6530.459","end_time":"6530.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.977","content":"acquire"}],"start_time":"6530.609","end_time":"6530.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.665","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6530.91","end_time":"6531.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.423","content":"acquire"}],"start_time":"6531.12","end_time":"6531.22"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"There"}],"start_time":"6531.529","end_time":"6531.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6531.72","end_time":"6531.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.605","content":"no"}],"start_time":"6531.83","end_time":"6531.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6531.899","end_time":"6532.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6532.259","end_time":"6532.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6532.52","end_time":"6532.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"no"}],"start_time":"6532.589","end_time":"6532.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"magic"}],"start_time":"6532.669","end_time":"6533.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"formula"}],"start_time":"6533.06","end_time":"6533.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6533.459","end_time":"6534.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6534.06","end_time":"6534.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6534.229","end_time":"6534.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6534.479","end_time":"6534.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6534.5","end_time":"6534.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"1"}],"start_time":"6534.759","end_time":"6534.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"million"}],"start_time":"6534.87","end_time":"6535.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6535.1","end_time":"6535.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.734","content":"views"}],"start_time":"6535.16","end_time":"6535.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6536.02","end_time":"6536.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"directly"}],"start_time":"6536.54","end_time":"6537.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6537.279","end_time":"6537.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It"}],"start_time":"6537.299","end_time":"6537.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"6537.5","end_time":"6537.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6537.79","end_time":"6537.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6537.93","end_time":"6538.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6538.089","end_time":"6538.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6538.6","end_time":"6538.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6538.819","end_time":"6539.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6539.08","end_time":"6539.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"build"}],"start_time":"6539.419","end_time":"6539.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"6539.939","end_time":"6540.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"improve"}],"start_time":"6540.45","end_time":"6541.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"adapt"}],"start_time":"6541.02","end_time":"6541.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6541.299","end_time":"6541.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6541.459","end_time":"6541.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"audience"}],"start_time":"6541.62","end_time":"6542.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6542.709","end_time":"6543.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6543.1","end_time":"6543.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6543.299","end_time":"6543.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6543.629","end_time":"6543.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6543.729","end_time":"6543.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6543.95","end_time":"6544.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6544.02","end_time":"6544.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"5"}],"start_time":"6544.14","end_time":"6544.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6544.5","end_time":"6544.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"10"}],"start_time":"6544.58","end_time":"6544.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6544.779","end_time":"6545.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6545.12","end_time":"6545.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6545.319","end_time":"6545.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.522","content":"starts"}],"start_time":"6545.419","end_time":"6545.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6545.87","end_time":"6546.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6546.02","end_time":"6546.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"big"}],"start_time":"6546.209","end_time":"6546.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6547.08","end_time":"6547.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.773","content":"aud"}],"start_time":"6547.85","end_time":"6547.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6548.069","end_time":"6548.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"audience"}],"start_time":"6548.39","end_time":"6548.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6548.779","end_time":"6548.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"6548.87","end_time":"6549.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6549.29","end_time":"6549.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"instance"}],"start_time":"6549.45","end_time":"6549.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6549.99","end_time":"6550.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6550.209","end_time":"6550.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"America"}],"start_time":"6550.27","end_time":"6550.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.52","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6550.669","end_time":"6550.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6550.779","end_time":"6551.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6551.27","end_time":"6551.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6552.259","end_time":"6552.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6552.669","end_time":"6552.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6552.859","end_time":"6552.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6552.95","end_time":"6553.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"largest"}],"start_time":"6553.35","end_time":"6554.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6554.149","end_time":"6554.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.619","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6554.35","end_time":"6554.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"B"}],"start_time":"6554.52","end_time":"6555.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6555.479","end_time":"6556.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"youtube"}],"start_time":"6557.04","end_time":"6557.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"channel"}],"start_time":"6557.459","end_time":"6557.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6557.899","end_time":"6557.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"6557.99","end_time":"6558.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6558.66","end_time":"6558.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"20"}],"start_time":"6558.99","end_time":"6559.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"K"}],"start_time":"6559.33","end_time":"6559.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"subscribers"}],"start_time":"6559.509","end_time":"6560.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6561.91","end_time":"6562.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6562.189","end_time":"6562.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"6562.359","end_time":"6562.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"6562.52","end_time":"6562.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"6562.58","end_time":"6562.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6562.899","end_time":"6562.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.927","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6563.0","end_time":"6563.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6563.089","end_time":"6563.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"6563.209","end_time":"6563.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6563.609","end_time":"6563.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"frustrated"}],"start_time":"6563.919","end_time":"6564.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6564.5","end_time":"6564.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Europe"}],"start_time":"6564.58","end_time":"6565.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.834","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6566.49","end_time":"6566.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Belgium"}],"start_time":"6566.58","end_time":"6567.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6567.049","end_time":"6567.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"France"}],"start_time":"6567.12","end_time":"6567.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6567.43","end_time":"6567.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6567.56","end_time":"6567.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"little"}],"start_time":"6567.58","end_time":"6567.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"6567.839","end_time":"6567.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bigger"}],"start_time":"6567.979","end_time":"6568.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6568.75","end_time":"6569.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"still"}],"start_time":"6569.02","end_time":"6569.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6569.58","end_time":"6569.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6569.79","end_time":"6569.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6569.839","end_time":"6570.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"talking"}],"start_time":"6570.08","end_time":"6570.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6570.299","end_time":"6570.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6570.459","end_time":"6570.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6570.549","end_time":"6570.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"number"}],"start_time":"6570.74","end_time":"6571.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6571.12","end_time":"6571.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6571.64","end_time":"6572.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6572.06","end_time":"6572.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"viewers"}],"start_time":"6572.54","end_time":"6573.18"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"How"}],"start_time":"6573.189","end_time":"6573.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6573.52","end_time":"6573.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6573.58","end_time":"6573.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"look"}],"start_time":"6573.649","end_time":"6573.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6573.81","end_time":"6573.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6573.859","end_time":"6573.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"6573.95","end_time":"6574.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6574.22","end_time":"6574.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"social"}],"start_time":"6574.339","end_time":"6574.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"media"}],"start_time":"6574.62","end_time":"6574.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6575.0","end_time":"6575.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6575.35","end_time":"6575.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"global"}],"start_time":"6575.74","end_time":"6576.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"6576.24","end_time":"6576.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6577.299","end_time":"6577.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6577.79","end_time":"6578.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.638","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6578.509","end_time":"6578.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6578.58","end_time":"6578.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"as"}],"start_time":"6578.779","end_time":"6578.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6578.93","end_time":"6578.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"brand"}],"start_time":"6578.95","end_time":"6579.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.923","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6579.37","end_time":"6579.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"great"}],"start_time":"6579.49","end_time":"6579.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6579.939","end_time":"6580.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6580.31","end_time":"6580.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6580.33","end_time":"6580.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6580.959","end_time":"6581.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"educate"}],"start_time":"6581.14","end_time":"6581.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6581.62","end_time":"6582.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6582.02","end_time":"6582.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6582.109","end_time":"6582.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.887","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6582.31","end_time":"6582.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"6582.41","end_time":"6582.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6582.68","end_time":"6582.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6582.81","end_time":"6583.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.716","content":"somehow"}],"start_time":"6583.439","end_time":"6583.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6583.79","end_time":"6584.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Instagram"}],"start_time":"6584.02","end_time":"6584.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6584.5","end_time":"6584.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"youtube"}],"start_time":"6584.729","end_time":"6585.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6585.22","end_time":"6585.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6585.609","end_time":"6585.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6585.819","end_time":"6585.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6585.839","end_time":"6586.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6586.149","end_time":"6586.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6586.35","end_time":"6586.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6586.459","end_time":"6586.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"distribute"}],"start_time":"6586.58","end_time":"6587.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"education"}],"start_time":"6587.1","end_time":"6587.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6587.75","end_time":"6587.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"explain"}],"start_time":"6587.899","end_time":"6588.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6588.509","end_time":"6588.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"teach"}],"start_time":"6588.66","end_time":"6589.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.536","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6589.1","end_time":"6589.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"teach"}],"start_time":"6589.14","end_time":"6589.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6589.81","end_time":"6589.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"our"}],"start_time":"6589.95","end_time":"6589.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"community"}],"start_time":"6589.979","end_time":"6590.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6591.209","end_time":"6591.709"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6591.72","end_time":"6592.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6592.29","end_time":"6592.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6592.31","end_time":"6592.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6592.549","end_time":"6592.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6592.64","end_time":"6592.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6592.859","end_time":"6593.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6593.609","end_time":"6594.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"6595.2","end_time":"6595.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.917","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6595.56","end_time":"6595.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6595.7","end_time":"6595.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"What"}],"start_time":"6596.47","end_time":"6596.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6596.669","end_time":"6596.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6596.709","end_time":"6596.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6596.79","end_time":"6596.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6596.939","end_time":"6596.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6596.99","end_time":"6597.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"6597.069","end_time":"6597.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6597.35","end_time":"6597.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"social"}],"start_time":"6597.439","end_time":"6597.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"media"}],"start_time":"6597.7","end_time":"6597.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6597.95","end_time":"6597.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6598.0","end_time":"6598.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"world"}],"start_time":"6598.089","end_time":"6598.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Have"}],"start_time":"6598.77","end_time":"6599.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6599.009","end_time":"6599.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ever"}],"start_time":"6599.109","end_time":"6599.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.963","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"6599.24","end_time":"6599.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6599.459","end_time":"6599.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6599.549","end_time":"6599.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6600.129","end_time":"6600.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6601.02","end_time":"6601.7"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6601.709","end_time":"6601.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"never"}],"start_time":"6601.879","end_time":"6602.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"6602.109","end_time":"6602.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6602.27","end_time":"6602.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6602.52","end_time":"6602.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6603.379","end_time":"6603.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6603.399","end_time":"6603.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6603.979","end_time":"6604.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bad"}],"start_time":"6604.99","end_time":"6605.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6605.589","end_time":"6605.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"kids"}],"start_time":"6605.72","end_time":"6606.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.907","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6607.189","end_time":"6607.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6607.209","end_time":"6608.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"6608.089","end_time":"6608.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6608.2","end_time":"6608.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"6608.37","end_time":"6608.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6608.509","end_time":"6608.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"future"}],"start_time":"6608.58","end_time":"6608.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6608.919","end_time":"6609.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6609.279","end_time":"6609.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"6609.319","end_time":"6609.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6609.919","end_time":"6610.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6610.04","end_time":"6610.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6610.339","end_time":"6610.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6610.379","end_time":"6610.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6610.569","end_time":"6610.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6610.629","end_time":"6610.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6610.93","end_time":"6611.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6611.08","end_time":"6611.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"top"}],"start_time":"6611.12","end_time":"6611.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6611.52","end_time":"6611.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6611.7","end_time":"6611.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6611.79","end_time":"6611.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6611.899","end_time":"6612.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"continue"}],"start_time":"6612.02","end_time":"6612.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"growing"}],"start_time":"6612.439","end_time":"6613.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.717","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6613.49","end_time":"6613.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6613.75","end_time":"6613.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.939","content":"terms"}],"start_time":"6613.93","end_time":"6614.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6614.189","end_time":"6614.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6614.799","end_time":"6614.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6614.819","end_time":"6615.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6615.049","end_time":"6615.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"provides"}],"start_time":"6615.109","end_time":"6615.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6615.45","end_time":"6615.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"humanity"}],"start_time":"6615.54","end_time":"6616.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6616.5","end_time":"6617.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6617.049","end_time":"6617.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"obviously"}],"start_time":"6617.709","end_time":"6618.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6618.209","end_time":"6618.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6618.37","end_time":"6618.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"some"}],"start_time":"6618.439","end_time":"6618.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"drawbacks"}],"start_time":"6618.589","end_time":"6619.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6619.089","end_time":"6619.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6619.279","end_time":"6619.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6619.859","end_time":"6620.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6620.7","end_time":"6620.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6620.89","end_time":"6620.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6620.97","end_time":"6621.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"IQ"}],"start_time":"6621.259","end_time":"6621.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6622.279","end_time":"6622.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Well"}],"start_time":"6622.819","end_time":"6623.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"since"}],"start_time":"6623.08","end_time":"6623.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6623.399","end_time":"6623.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"measure"}],"start_time":"6623.5","end_time":"6623.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"IQ"}],"start_time":"6623.85","end_time":"6624.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6624.37","end_time":"6624.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9975","content":"100"}],"start_time":"6624.62","end_time":"6625.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6625.209","end_time":"6625.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6625.629","end_time":"6626.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"has"}],"start_time":"6626.25","end_time":"6626.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"6626.52","end_time":"6626.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"increased"}],"start_time":"6626.95","end_time":"6627.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6627.979","end_time":"6628.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6629.359","end_time":"6629.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6629.7","end_time":"6629.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6629.779","end_time":"6629.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8805","content":"re"}],"start_time":"6629.799","end_time":"6629.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6629.85","end_time":"6629.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6629.87","end_time":"6630.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6630.02","end_time":"6630.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6630.129","end_time":"6630.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"who"}],"start_time":"6630.379","end_time":"6630.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.971","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6630.47","end_time":"6630.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"an"}],"start_time":"6630.66","end_time":"6630.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.8453333333333334","content":"IQs"}],"start_time":"6630.759","end_time":"6631.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"superior"}],"start_time":"6631.49","end_time":"6631.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6631.74","end_time":"6631.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.511","content":"today"}],"start_time":"6632.399","end_time":"6632.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.845","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6633.22","end_time":"6633.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6633.859","end_time":"6634.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"6634.2","end_time":"6634.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"increased"}],"start_time":"6634.68","end_time":"6635.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"over"}],"start_time":"6635.54","end_time":"6635.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6635.85","end_time":"6635.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"past"}],"start_time":"6635.93","end_time":"6636.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6636.62","end_time":"6636.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"five"}],"start_time":"6636.66","end_time":"6637.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6637.18","end_time":"6637.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"10"}],"start_time":"6637.25","end_time":"6637.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6637.419","end_time":"6637.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6637.7","end_time":"6637.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6637.74","end_time":"6637.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.806","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6637.779","end_time":"6638.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6638.06","end_time":"6638.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6638.24","end_time":"6638.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"decreased"}],"start_time":"6638.419","end_time":"6639.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6639.5","end_time":"6639.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6639.859","end_time":"6640.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"social"}],"start_time":"6640.259","end_time":"6640.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"media"}],"start_time":"6640.62","end_time":"6640.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6640.859","end_time":"6641.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6641.04","end_time":"6641.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6641.169","end_time":"6641.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6641.25","end_time":"6641.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"two"}],"start_time":"6641.35","end_time":"6641.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"reasons"}],"start_time":"6641.419","end_time":"6641.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6641.93","end_time":"6641.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6641.95","end_time":"6642.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6642.419","end_time":"6642.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6642.87","end_time":"6643.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6643.12","end_time":"6643.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6643.64","end_time":"6643.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6643.85","end_time":"6644.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"6644.68","end_time":"6645.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"watch"}],"start_time":"6645.33","end_time":"6645.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"TV"}],"start_time":"6645.66","end_time":"6646.299"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"spend"}],"start_time":"6646.31","end_time":"6646.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6646.689","end_time":"6646.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6646.97","end_time":"6647.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"social"}],"start_time":"6647.1","end_time":"6647.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"media"}],"start_time":"6647.379","end_time":"6647.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6647.68","end_time":"6647.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"play"}],"start_time":"6647.74","end_time":"6648.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6648.009","end_time":"6648.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.978","content":"games"}],"start_time":"6648.33","end_time":"6648.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6649.109","end_time":"6649.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6649.54","end_time":"6650.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6650.18","end_time":"6650.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"brain"}],"start_time":"6650.39","end_time":"6650.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6650.629","end_time":"6650.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6650.74","end_time":"6650.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thinking"}],"start_time":"6650.85","end_time":"6651.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6651.62","end_time":"6651.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6651.93","end_time":"6652.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6652.299","end_time":"6652.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6652.399","end_time":"6652.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"6652.569","end_time":"6652.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"losing"}],"start_time":"6652.799","end_time":"6653.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.593","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6653.1","end_time":"6653.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ability"}],"start_time":"6653.459","end_time":"6654.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6654.049","end_time":"6654.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.98","content":"concentrate"}],"start_time":"6654.14","end_time":"6654.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"yourself"}],"start_time":"6654.62","end_time":"6655.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Do"}],"start_time":"6655.22","end_time":"6655.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6655.43","end_time":"6655.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"play"}],"start_time":"6655.52","end_time":"6655.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6655.72","end_time":"6655.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"games"}],"start_time":"6655.93","end_time":"6656.29"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6656.299","end_time":"6656.729"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6656.74","end_time":"6657.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6657.04","end_time":"6657.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"much"}],"start_time":"6657.069","end_time":"6657.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6657.419","end_time":"6657.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6657.62","end_time":"6657.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developed"}],"start_time":"6657.64","end_time":"6658.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"video"}],"start_time":"6658.64","end_time":"6658.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"games"}],"start_time":"6658.91","end_time":"6659.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6659.33","end_time":"6659.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"developed"}],"start_time":"6659.39","end_time":"6659.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6659.85","end_time":"6659.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6659.87","end_time":"6660.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.469","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6660.85","end_time":"6660.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6660.91","end_time":"6660.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"didn't"}],"start_time":"6660.97","end_time":"6661.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"play"}],"start_time":"6661.279","end_time":"6661.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"Is"}],"start_time":"6662.689","end_time":"6662.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6662.939","end_time":"6663.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"anything"}],"start_time":"6663.04","end_time":"6663.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6663.439","end_time":"6663.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6663.54","end_time":"6663.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"outside"}],"start_time":"6663.709","end_time":"6664.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6664.129","end_time":"6664.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6664.16","end_time":"6664.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6664.439","end_time":"6664.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"6664.6","end_time":"6664.939"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6665.759","end_time":"6666.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"6666.629","end_time":"6667.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6667.979","end_time":"6668.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.692","content":"friends"}],"start_time":"6668.1","end_time":"6668.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"party"}],"start_time":"6668.5","end_time":"6668.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6668.79","end_time":"6668.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.556","content":"friends"}],"start_time":"6668.91","end_time":"6669.169"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6669.18","end_time":"6669.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6669.2","end_time":"6669.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6669.979","end_time":"6669.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6670.0","end_time":"6670.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6670.45","end_time":"6670.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.814","content":"walk"}],"start_time":"6670.47","end_time":"6670.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6670.779","end_time":"6670.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6670.799","end_time":"6671.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6671.209","end_time":"6671.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6671.399","end_time":"6671.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6671.75","end_time":"6671.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6671.899","end_time":"6672.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6672.16","end_time":"6672.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6672.419","end_time":"6672.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"6672.509","end_time":"6672.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6673.27","end_time":"6674.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6674.339","end_time":"6674.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"prefer"}],"start_time":"6674.49","end_time":"6675.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6675.18","end_time":"6675.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6675.799","end_time":"6675.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"6675.819","end_time":"6676.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6676.22","end_time":"6676.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6676.689","end_time":"6676.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6676.779","end_time":"6676.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6676.95","end_time":"6677.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.972","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6677.18","end_time":"6677.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"building"}],"start_time":"6677.22","end_time":"6678.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6678.319","end_time":"6678.81"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"creating"}],"start_time":"6678.819","end_time":"6679.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6679.24","end_time":"6679.79"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"innovation"}],"start_time":"6679.799","end_time":"6680.66"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"This"}],"start_time":"6680.669","end_time":"6680.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6680.87","end_time":"6680.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"super"}],"start_time":"6680.99","end_time":"6681.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"6681.27","end_time":"6681.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6681.549","end_time":"6681.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6682.25","end_time":"6682.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"problem"}],"start_time":"6682.6","end_time":"6683.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"solving"}],"start_time":"6683.29","end_time":"6684.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6684.069","end_time":"6684.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"creative"}],"start_time":"6684.779","end_time":"6685.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6685.85","end_time":"6686.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"always"}],"start_time":"6686.279","end_time":"6686.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"6686.75","end_time":"6687.259"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"It's"}],"start_time":"6687.27","end_time":"6687.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6687.41","end_time":"6687.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"fun"}],"start_time":"6687.609","end_time":"6687.93"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6688.14","end_time":"6688.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6688.18","end_time":"6688.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6688.87","end_time":"6689.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6689.359","end_time":"6689.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6689.609","end_time":"6689.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6689.97","end_time":"6690.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6690.02","end_time":"6690.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"world"}],"start_time":"6690.14","end_time":"6690.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"find"}],"start_time":"6690.74","end_time":"6691.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6691.819","end_time":"6692.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6692.08","end_time":"6692.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6692.41","end_time":"6692.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6692.52","end_time":"6692.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"were"}],"start_time":"6692.66","end_time":"6692.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"born"}],"start_time":"6692.75","end_time":"6693.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6693.08","end_time":"6693.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6693.169","end_time":"6693.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6693.439","end_time":"6693.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.885","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"6693.68","end_time":"6693.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6693.899","end_time":"6694.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6694.049","end_time":"6694.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"those"}],"start_time":"6694.129","end_time":"6694.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"lucky"}],"start_time":"6694.339","end_time":"6694.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"6694.589","end_time":"6695.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.68","content":"you're"}],"start_time":"6695.22","end_time":"6695.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"born"}],"start_time":"6695.609","end_time":"6695.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.369","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6695.935","end_time":"6695.955"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.808","content":"want"}],"start_time":"6695.964","end_time":"6696.134"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6696.535","end_time":"6696.694"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6696.705","end_time":"6696.725"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6696.734","end_time":"6696.895"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"job"}],"start_time":"6696.935","end_time":"6697.064"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.906","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6697.084","end_time":"6697.285"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6697.294","end_time":"6697.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"6697.424","end_time":"6697.794"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.73","content":"want"}],"start_time":"6697.805","end_time":"6698.024"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6698.035","end_time":"6698.174"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6700.495","end_time":"6701.035"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.785","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6701.044","end_time":"6701.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6701.064","end_time":"6701.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"6701.314","end_time":"6701.884"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"enjoy"}],"start_time":"6701.895","end_time":"6702.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"6702.424","end_time":"6702.564"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"job"}],"start_time":"6702.575","end_time":"6702.944"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"6702.955","end_time":"6703.174"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6703.185","end_time":"6703.475"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"gets"}],"start_time":"6703.484","end_time":"6703.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6703.794","end_time":"6703.805"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6703.814","end_time":"6704.174"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"quantity"}],"start_time":"6704.185","end_time":"6704.674"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.951","content":"wise"}],"start_time":"6704.705","end_time":"6705.185"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.813","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6706.404","end_time":"6706.714"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6706.725","end_time":"6706.915"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"being"}],"start_time":"6706.924","end_time":"6707.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"6707.424","end_time":"6707.794"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"doesn't"}],"start_time":"6707.805","end_time":"6708.115"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"mean"}],"start_time":"6708.125","end_time":"6708.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"easy"}],"start_time":"6708.334","end_time":"6708.865"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6709.294","end_time":"6709.464"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6709.475","end_time":"6709.615"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6709.625","end_time":"6709.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6709.774","end_time":"6709.884"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.712","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6709.895","end_time":"6710.325"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6710.334","end_time":"6710.345"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6710.354","end_time":"6710.845"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6710.854","end_time":"6710.875"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"6710.884","end_time":"6711.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6711.305","end_time":"6711.354"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6711.365","end_time":"6711.674"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6711.685","end_time":"6711.734"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6711.745","end_time":"6711.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6712.004","end_time":"6712.634"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6712.854","end_time":"6713.395"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6713.404","end_time":"6713.665"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"only"}],"start_time":"6713.674","end_time":"6713.935"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.698","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6713.944","end_time":"6714.145"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"if"}],"start_time":"6714.154","end_time":"6714.404"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6714.415","end_time":"6714.504"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6714.515","end_time":"6715.095"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6715.325","end_time":"6715.834"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"output"}],"start_time":"6715.845","end_time":"6716.225"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6716.234","end_time":"6716.375"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6716.384","end_time":"6716.564"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6716.575","end_time":"6716.654"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6716.665","end_time":"6717.035"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"then"}],"start_time":"6717.145","end_time":"6717.495"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6717.504","end_time":"6717.584"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.981","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6717.595","end_time":"6717.665"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6717.674","end_time":"6717.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.837","content":"happy"}],"start_time":"6717.794","end_time":"6718.115"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6719.069","end_time":"6719.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6719.339","end_time":"6719.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6719.529","end_time":"6719.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6719.62","end_time":"6720.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"not"}],"start_time":"6720.02","end_time":"6720.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"6720.339","end_time":"6720.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"these"}],"start_time":"6720.979","end_time":"6721.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"6721.379","end_time":"6721.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6721.7","end_time":"6721.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"6721.77","end_time":"6722.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6722.2","end_time":"6722.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6722.359","end_time":"6722.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6722.379","end_time":"6722.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"long"}],"start_time":"6722.64","end_time":"6723.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6723.06","end_time":"6723.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6723.37","end_time":"6723.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6723.459","end_time":"6723.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"show"}],"start_time":"6723.569","end_time":"6723.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6723.79","end_time":"6724.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6724.049","end_time":"6724.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6724.109","end_time":"6724.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6724.27","end_time":"6724.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"phase"}],"start_time":"6724.29","end_time":"6724.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6724.609","end_time":"6724.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6724.729","end_time":"6725.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6725.089","end_time":"6725.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"6725.66","end_time":"6725.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6725.7","end_time":"6726.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wanted"}],"start_time":"6726.04","end_time":"6726.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6726.35","end_time":"6726.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6726.459","end_time":"6726.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"personalities"}],"start_time":"6726.569","end_time":"6727.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6728.069","end_time":"6728.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6728.459","end_time":"6728.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6728.66","end_time":"6728.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6728.819","end_time":"6729.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"self"}],"start_time":"6729.1","end_time":"6729.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.581","content":"improvement"}],"start_time":"6729.43","end_time":"6730.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6730.379","end_time":"6730.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.905","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6730.56","end_time":"6730.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"6730.66","end_time":"6730.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6730.859","end_time":"6730.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"removed"}],"start_time":"6730.939","end_time":"6731.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"those"}],"start_time":"6731.419","end_time":"6731.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"6731.6","end_time":"6732.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6732.1","end_time":"6732.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6732.339","end_time":"6732.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"show"}],"start_time":"6732.419","end_time":"6732.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6732.6","end_time":"6732.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.926","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6732.709","end_time":"6732.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"made"}],"start_time":"6732.79","end_time":"6733.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6733.02","end_time":"6733.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6733.069","end_time":"6733.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6733.339","end_time":"6733.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"culture"}],"start_time":"6734.25","end_time":"6735.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6735.14","end_time":"6735.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6735.379","end_time":"6735.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6735.479","end_time":"6735.529"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6735.54","end_time":"6735.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"future"}],"start_time":"6735.689","end_time":"6736.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6736.81","end_time":"6737.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6737.069","end_time":"6737.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6737.2","end_time":"6737.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"meet"}],"start_time":"6737.22","end_time":"6737.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6737.419","end_time":"6737.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6737.64","end_time":"6737.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6737.839","end_time":"6737.91"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6737.919","end_time":"6737.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6737.939","end_time":"6738.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6738.25","end_time":"6738.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"go"}],"start_time":"6738.339","end_time":"6738.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"back"}],"start_time":"6738.49","end_time":"6738.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6738.77","end_time":"6738.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6738.879","end_time":"6739.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"original"}],"start_time":"6739.009","end_time":"6739.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"set"}],"start_time":"6739.45","end_time":"6739.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6739.64","end_time":"6739.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"6739.74","end_time":"6740.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"6740.14","end_time":"6740.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6740.5","end_time":"6741.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6741.479","end_time":"6741.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.636","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6741.629","end_time":"6741.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.621","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6741.68","end_time":"6741.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6741.7","end_time":"6742.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"rare"}],"start_time":"6742.009","end_time":"6742.49"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6742.75","end_time":"6742.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6742.939","end_time":"6743.049"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"6743.06","end_time":"6743.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"got"}],"start_time":"6743.33","end_time":"6743.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"material"}],"start_time":"6743.56","end_time":"6744.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.946","content":"success"}],"start_time":"6744.069","end_time":"6744.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.976","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6744.339","end_time":"6744.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"still"}],"start_time":"6744.439","end_time":"6744.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"personalities"}],"start_time":"6744.7","end_time":"6745.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6745.319","end_time":"6745.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6745.379","end_time":"6745.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"right"}],"start_time":"6745.49","end_time":"6745.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"place"}],"start_time":"6745.649","end_time":"6745.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Heart"}],"start_time":"6745.87","end_time":"6746.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6746.149","end_time":"6746.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6746.259","end_time":"6746.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6746.319","end_time":"6746.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"right"}],"start_time":"6746.43","end_time":"6746.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"place"}],"start_time":"6746.58","end_time":"6746.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"which"}],"start_time":"6746.83","end_time":"6746.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.653","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6747.0","end_time":"6747.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.63","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6747.029","end_time":"6747.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.546","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6747.18","end_time":"6747.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6747.22","end_time":"6747.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6747.379","end_time":"6747.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"most"}],"start_time":"6747.459","end_time":"6747.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"important"}],"start_time":"6747.68","end_time":"6748.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"which"}],"start_time":"6748.859","end_time":"6749.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6749.54","end_time":"6749.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"why"}],"start_time":"6749.58","end_time":"6749.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"I'm"}],"start_time":"6749.77","end_time":"6749.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"asking"}],"start_time":"6749.81","end_time":"6750.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6750.16","end_time":"6750.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6750.259","end_time":"6750.52"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6750.529","end_time":"6750.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6750.66","end_time":"6750.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"probably"}],"start_time":"6750.81","end_time":"6751.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6751.08","end_time":"6751.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"last"}],"start_time":"6751.169","end_time":"6751.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"question"}],"start_time":"6751.43","end_time":"6751.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6751.819","end_time":"6751.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"today"}],"start_time":"6751.95","end_time":"6752.319"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Tell"}],"start_time":"6753.279","end_time":"6753.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6753.509","end_time":"6753.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.833","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6753.629","end_time":"6753.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6753.75","end_time":"6753.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6753.95","end_time":"6754.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"worst"}],"start_time":"6754.069","end_time":"6754.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"6754.47","end_time":"6754.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6754.85","end_time":"6754.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6754.95","end_time":"6755.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"life"}],"start_time":"6755.109","end_time":"6755.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6756.27","end_time":"6756.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6756.52","end_time":"6756.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"6756.58","end_time":"6756.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"painful"}],"start_time":"6756.839","end_time":"6757.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"6757.319","end_time":"6757.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6757.68","end_time":"6757.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6757.799","end_time":"6757.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"6757.87","end_time":"6758.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6758.149","end_time":"6758.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"felt"}],"start_time":"6758.229","end_time":"6758.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6758.459","end_time":"6758.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"6758.54","end_time":"6758.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"shame"}],"start_time":"6758.83","end_time":"6759.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6760.569","end_time":"6761.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.968","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6761.879","end_time":"6762.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"had"}],"start_time":"6762.209","end_time":"6762.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6762.439","end_time":"6762.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6762.669","end_time":"6763.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"times"}],"start_time":"6763.08","end_time":"6763.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6764.189","end_time":"6764.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"6765.43","end_time":"6765.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"these"}],"start_time":"6765.919","end_time":"6766.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6766.18","end_time":"6766.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"times"}],"start_time":"6766.589","end_time":"6767.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"were"}],"start_time":"6767.189","end_time":"6767.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6767.5","end_time":"6767.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6767.779","end_time":"6768.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.272","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6768.31","end_time":"6768.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6768.359","end_time":"6768.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"6768.529","end_time":"6768.97"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6769.7","end_time":"6769.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.956","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6769.97","end_time":"6770.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"noticed"}],"start_time":"6770.029","end_time":"6770.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6770.54","end_time":"6770.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6770.56","end_time":"6770.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6770.759","end_time":"6770.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"6770.99","end_time":"6771.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6771.29","end_time":"6771.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.849","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6771.5","end_time":"6771.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.794","content":"30"}],"start_time":"6771.779","end_time":"6771.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6771.93","end_time":"6772.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6772.009","end_time":"6772.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6772.18","end_time":"6772.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6772.2","end_time":"6772.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6772.45","end_time":"6772.87"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6772.99","end_time":"6773.0"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6773.009","end_time":"6773.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6773.37","end_time":"6773.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"give"}],"start_time":"6773.7","end_time":"6773.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6773.85","end_time":"6773.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6773.93","end_time":"6773.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6773.95","end_time":"6774.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.55","content":"examples"}],"start_time":"6774.149","end_time":"6774.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.994","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6774.99","end_time":"6775.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"One"}],"start_time":"6775.009","end_time":"6775.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6775.669","end_time":"6775.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6775.779","end_time":"6775.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6775.85","end_time":"6776.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"6776.12","end_time":"6776.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6776.379","end_time":"6776.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6776.689","end_time":"6776.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6776.819","end_time":"6777.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6777.029","end_time":"6777.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"had"}],"start_time":"6777.049","end_time":"6777.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.698","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6777.459","end_time":"6777.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"company"}],"start_time":"6777.49","end_time":"6778.27"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"six"}],"start_time":"6778.279","end_time":"6778.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"res"}],"start_time":"6778.709","end_time":"6778.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6779.609","end_time":"6779.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"five"}],"start_time":"6779.89","end_time":"6780.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.303","content":"Ries"}],"start_time":"6780.549","end_time":"6780.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6780.7","end_time":"6780.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6780.819","end_time":"6780.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6780.939","end_time":"6781.31"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6781.85","end_time":"6782.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.895","content":"um"}],"start_time":"6782.729","end_time":"6782.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"6782.879","end_time":"6783.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.989","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"6783.18","end_time":"6783.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6783.629","end_time":"6783.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6783.859","end_time":"6784.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6784.04","end_time":"6784.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"admin"}],"start_time":"6784.27","end_time":"6784.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6785.189","end_time":"6785.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6785.81","end_time":"6785.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6785.83","end_time":"6785.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6786.0","end_time":"6786.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6786.5","end_time":"6786.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6786.74","end_time":"6786.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"three"}],"start_time":"6786.819","end_time":"6786.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"developers"}],"start_time":"6786.979","end_time":"6787.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6787.399","end_time":"6787.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"left"}],"start_time":"6787.5","end_time":"6787.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6787.74","end_time":"6787.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6787.819","end_time":"6787.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6787.919","end_time":"6788.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6788.1","end_time":"6788.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6788.859","end_time":"6789.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6789.08","end_time":"6789.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6789.379","end_time":"6789.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"day"}],"start_time":"6789.54","end_time":"6789.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6789.64","end_time":"6789.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"another"}],"start_time":"6789.879","end_time":"6790.229"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6790.24","end_time":"6790.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"had"}],"start_time":"6790.259","end_time":"6790.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"nobody"}],"start_time":"6790.479","end_time":"6791.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6791.009","end_time":"6791.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"deliver"}],"start_time":"6791.49","end_time":"6792.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6792.169","end_time":"6792.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6792.259","end_time":"6792.879"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6792.89","end_time":"6793.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"had"}],"start_time":"6793.37","end_time":"6793.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6793.7","end_time":"6793.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6793.779","end_time":"6793.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"everything"}],"start_time":"6793.899","end_time":"6794.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"6794.24","end_time":"6794.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6794.64","end_time":"6794.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"four"}],"start_time":"6794.83","end_time":"6795.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6795.009","end_time":"6795.669"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6795.93","end_time":"6796.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6796.459","end_time":"6796.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6796.479","end_time":"6796.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"did"}],"start_time":"6796.669","end_time":"6796.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6796.899","end_time":"6797.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.982","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6797.419","end_time":"6797.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.919","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"6797.629","end_time":"6797.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6797.97","end_time":"6798.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"did"}],"start_time":"6798.069","end_time":"6798.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6798.279","end_time":"6798.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"by"}],"start_time":"6798.37","end_time":"6798.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"preparing"}],"start_time":"6798.529","end_time":"6799.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.965","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6799.649","end_time":"6799.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6799.709","end_time":"6799.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"product"}],"start_time":"6799.729","end_time":"6800.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6800.569","end_time":"6800.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6800.7","end_time":"6800.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6800.799","end_time":"6800.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"competitor"}],"start_time":"6800.819","end_time":"6801.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6801.399","end_time":"6801.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6801.509","end_time":"6801.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6801.79","end_time":"6801.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"failed"}],"start_time":"6801.959","end_time":"6802.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6802.62","end_time":"6802.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6802.839","end_time":"6803.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"did"}],"start_time":"6803.02","end_time":"6803.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6803.229","end_time":"6803.43"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.795","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6803.56","end_time":"6803.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6803.83","end_time":"6803.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"few"}],"start_time":"6803.85","end_time":"6804.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"months"}],"start_time":"6804.04","end_time":"6804.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"before"}],"start_time":"6804.25","end_time":"6804.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"they"}],"start_time":"6804.479","end_time":"6804.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"stopped"}],"start_time":"6804.569","end_time":"6804.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"delivering"}],"start_time":"6804.87","end_time":"6805.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"service"}],"start_time":"6805.279","end_time":"6805.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6805.58","end_time":"6805.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"clients"}],"start_time":"6805.689","end_time":"6805.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.962","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6806.0","end_time":"6806.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6806.069","end_time":"6806.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"also"}],"start_time":"6806.089","end_time":"6806.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.901","content":"had"}],"start_time":"6806.43","end_time":"6806.859"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6806.87","end_time":"6806.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6806.91","end_time":"6806.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"same"}],"start_time":"6806.959","end_time":"6807.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6807.129","end_time":"6807.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6807.259","end_time":"6807.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6807.279","end_time":"6807.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6807.479","end_time":"6807.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"clients"}],"start_time":"6807.56","end_time":"6807.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"complaining"}],"start_time":"6807.899","end_time":"6808.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6808.39","end_time":"6808.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6808.509","end_time":"6808.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6808.529","end_time":"6808.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6808.66","end_time":"6808.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"satisfy"}],"start_time":"6808.799","end_time":"6809.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"6809.27","end_time":"6809.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6810.54","end_time":"6810.83"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6810.839","end_time":"6810.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"happens"}],"start_time":"6810.95","end_time":"6811.359"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6811.37","end_time":"6811.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6811.439","end_time":"6811.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6811.759","end_time":"6812.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.679","content":"down"}],"start_time":"6812.049","end_time":"6812.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6812.859","end_time":"6813.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6813.29","end_time":"6813.629"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6813.64","end_time":"6813.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.579","content":"down"}],"start_time":"6813.89","end_time":"6814.14"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6814.149","end_time":"6814.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.841","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6814.25","end_time":"6814.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6814.37","end_time":"6814.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"hard"}],"start_time":"6814.6","end_time":"6814.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6814.83","end_time":"6814.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6814.939","end_time":"6815.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6815.16","end_time":"6815.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6815.18","end_time":"6815.319"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6815.33","end_time":"6815.609"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.859","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6815.62","end_time":"6815.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6815.649","end_time":"6816.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6816.009","end_time":"6816.08"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6816.089","end_time":"6816.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.985","content":"old"}],"start_time":"6816.549","end_time":"6816.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.797","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6816.689","end_time":"6816.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.973","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6816.72","end_time":"6816.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"go"}],"start_time":"6816.81","end_time":"6816.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"6817.0","end_time":"6817.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6817.569","end_time":"6817.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6817.95","end_time":"6818.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6818.25","end_time":"6818.589"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6818.6","end_time":"6818.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"maybe"}],"start_time":"6818.649","end_time":"6819.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.9964999999999999","content":"2027"}],"start_time":"6819.41","end_time":"6821.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6821.29","end_time":"6821.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6821.399","end_time":"6821.839"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"Uh"}],"start_time":"6822.229","end_time":"6822.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"How"}],"start_time":"6822.25","end_time":"6822.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6822.759","end_time":"6822.93"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6822.939","end_time":"6822.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6822.97","end_time":"6823.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"back"}],"start_time":"6823.25","end_time":"6823.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6823.49","end_time":"6823.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6823.64","end_time":"6823.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6824.0","end_time":"6824.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6824.16","end_time":"6824.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"then"}],"start_time":"6824.29","end_time":"6824.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6824.43","end_time":"6824.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"walked"}],"start_time":"6824.45","end_time":"6824.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6824.879","end_time":"6824.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6824.99","end_time":"6825.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"walked"}],"start_time":"6825.009","end_time":"6825.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6825.56","end_time":"6825.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"recruited"}],"start_time":"6825.609","end_time":"6826.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"other"}],"start_time":"6826.25","end_time":"6826.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6826.41","end_time":"6827.029"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6827.18","end_time":"6827.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"6827.729","end_time":"6828.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6828.22","end_time":"6828.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6828.52","end_time":"6828.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"once"}],"start_time":"6828.759","end_time":"6829.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6829.06","end_time":"6829.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6829.649","end_time":"6829.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"storm"}],"start_time":"6829.77","end_time":"6830.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"ended"}],"start_time":"6831.02","end_time":"6831.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"up"}],"start_time":"6831.35","end_time":"6831.56"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.783","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6831.859","end_time":"6831.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6831.93","end_time":"6832.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.824","content":"noticed"}],"start_time":"6832.39","end_time":"6832.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.891","content":"myself"}],"start_time":"6832.779","end_time":"6833.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"actually"}],"start_time":"6833.1","end_time":"6833.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6833.379","end_time":"6833.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6833.47","end_time":"6833.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6833.589","end_time":"6833.6"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6833.609","end_time":"6833.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6833.85","end_time":"6834.399"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6834.41","end_time":"6834.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"6834.729","end_time":"6835.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"them"}],"start_time":"6835.169","end_time":"6835.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6835.37","end_time":"6835.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"leave"}],"start_time":"6835.5","end_time":"6836.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6836.129","end_time":"6836.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6836.339","end_time":"6836.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"start"}],"start_time":"6836.45","end_time":"6836.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6836.79","end_time":"6836.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"new"}],"start_time":"6836.93","end_time":"6837.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.586","content":"employees"}],"start_time":"6837.189","end_time":"6837.72"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6837.729","end_time":"6838.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6838.049","end_time":"6838.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6838.209","end_time":"6838.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6838.439","end_time":"6838.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6838.95","end_time":"6839.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6839.04","end_time":"6839.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"6839.14","end_time":"6839.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6839.859","end_time":"6840.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6840.22","end_time":"6840.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6840.37","end_time":"6840.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.553","content":"life"}],"start_time":"6840.49","end_time":"6840.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6840.779","end_time":"6840.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6840.89","end_time":"6841.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"life"}],"start_time":"6841.009","end_time":"6841.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6841.25","end_time":"6841.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6841.31","end_time":"6841.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"company"}],"start_time":"6841.379","end_time":"6841.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.838","content":"that's"}],"start_time":"6841.7","end_time":"6841.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"been"}],"start_time":"6841.85","end_time":"6841.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6842.0","end_time":"6842.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6842.02","end_time":"6842.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6842.25","end_time":"6842.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6843.069","end_time":"6843.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6843.919","end_time":"6844.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6844.149","end_time":"6844.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"don't"}],"start_time":"6844.229","end_time":"6844.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"notice"}],"start_time":"6844.41","end_time":"6844.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6844.75","end_time":"6844.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6844.97","end_time":"6845.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6845.129","end_time":"6845.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"happens"}],"start_time":"6845.22","end_time":"6845.509"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6845.52","end_time":"6845.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"only"}],"start_time":"6845.62","end_time":"6845.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"see"}],"start_time":"6845.979","end_time":"6846.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6846.37","end_time":"6846.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6846.459","end_time":"6846.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"closely"}],"start_time":"6846.75","end_time":"6847.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6847.27","end_time":"6847.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.931","content":"oh"}],"start_time":"6847.629","end_time":"6847.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.864","content":"no"}],"start_time":"6848.029","end_time":"6848.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6848.379","end_time":"6848.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.922","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6848.629","end_time":"6848.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"suffer"}],"start_time":"6848.919","end_time":"6849.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6849.66","end_time":"6849.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6849.75","end_time":"6849.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"already"}],"start_time":"6849.97","end_time":"6850.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"working"}],"start_time":"6850.27","end_time":"6850.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"14"}],"start_time":"6850.62","end_time":"6850.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hours"}],"start_time":"6850.97","end_time":"6851.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6851.229","end_time":"6851.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"day"}],"start_time":"6851.25","end_time":"6851.479"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.645","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6851.49","end_time":"6851.649"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.764","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6851.99","end_time":"6852.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6852.22","end_time":"6852.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6852.549","end_time":"6852.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"work"}],"start_time":"6852.649","end_time":"6852.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"even"}],"start_time":"6852.89","end_time":"6853.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"more"}],"start_time":"6853.189","end_time":"6853.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6853.5","end_time":"6853.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6853.859","end_time":"6853.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6853.879","end_time":"6854.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6854.08","end_time":"6854.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.96","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6854.279","end_time":"6854.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.485","content":"great"}],"start_time":"6854.299","end_time":"6854.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"customer"}],"start_time":"6854.45","end_time":"6855.149"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6855.29","end_time":"6855.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6855.52","end_time":"6855.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6855.64","end_time":"6855.85"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6855.859","end_time":"6856.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6856.52","end_time":"6856.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6856.54","end_time":"6856.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"turns"}],"start_time":"6856.729","end_time":"6856.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"out"}],"start_time":"6856.879","end_time":"6856.95"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6856.959","end_time":"6857.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6857.089","end_time":"6857.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6857.209","end_time":"6857.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6857.229","end_time":"6857.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"good"}],"start_time":"6857.41","end_time":"6857.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"thing"}],"start_time":"6857.58","end_time":"6857.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6857.74","end_time":"6858.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6858.049","end_time":"6858.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"allows"}],"start_time":"6858.149","end_time":"6858.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6858.5","end_time":"6858.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6858.62","end_time":"6858.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"turn"}],"start_time":"6858.859","end_time":"6859.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"down"}],"start_time":"6859.169","end_time":"6859.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6859.379","end_time":"6859.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"company"}],"start_time":"6859.459","end_time":"6860.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"start"}],"start_time":"6860.229","end_time":"6860.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"again"}],"start_time":"6860.7","end_time":"6860.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6860.95","end_time":"6861.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6861.14","end_time":"6861.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6861.479","end_time":"6861.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6861.649","end_time":"6861.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6861.669","end_time":"6861.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"mindset"}],"start_time":"6861.93","end_time":"6862.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6862.54","end_time":"6862.99"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6863.0","end_time":"6863.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"do"}],"start_time":"6863.22","end_time":"6863.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6863.259","end_time":"6863.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6863.56","end_time":"6863.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"any"}],"start_time":"6864.799","end_time":"6865.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"other"}],"start_time":"6865.129","end_time":"6865.33"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"moment"}],"start_time":"6865.339","end_time":"6865.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Um"}],"start_time":"6866.759","end_time":"6867.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"No"}],"start_time":"6867.5","end_time":"6868.149"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6868.16","end_time":"6868.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6868.47","end_time":"6868.899"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6868.91","end_time":"6869.899"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6869.91","end_time":"6870.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6870.35","end_time":"6870.37"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6870.379","end_time":"6870.41"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6870.419","end_time":"6870.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"key"}],"start_time":"6870.509","end_time":"6870.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"things"}],"start_time":"6870.819","end_time":"6871.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6871.149","end_time":"6871.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6871.35","end_time":"6871.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.993","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6871.839","end_time":"6872.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6872.149","end_time":"6872.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6872.47","end_time":"6872.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6872.669","end_time":"6872.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6872.899","end_time":"6873.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6873.049","end_time":"6873.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6873.52","end_time":"6873.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"most"}],"start_time":"6873.68","end_time":"6873.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"difficult"}],"start_time":"6873.979","end_time":"6874.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"times"}],"start_time":"6874.419","end_time":"6874.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6874.72","end_time":"6874.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"6874.919","end_time":"6875.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6875.39","end_time":"6875.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"6875.75","end_time":"6876.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6876.31","end_time":"6876.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"better"}],"start_time":"6876.43","end_time":"6876.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"6876.81","end_time":"6877.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6877.5","end_time":"6877.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"makes"}],"start_time":"6877.74","end_time":"6878.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6878.18","end_time":"6878.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"6878.229","end_time":"6878.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6878.52","end_time":"6878.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.796","content":"Fabian"}],"start_time":"6880.18","end_time":"6880.779"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"?"}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"6881.259","end_time":"6881.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6881.68","end_time":"6881.919"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"6882.02","end_time":"6882.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6882.35","end_time":"6882.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"so"}],"start_time":"6882.439","end_time":"6882.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"much"}],"start_time":"6882.509","end_time":"6882.89"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6884.06","end_time":"6884.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"asked"}],"start_time":"6884.62","end_time":"6885.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6885.299","end_time":"6885.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"my"}],"start_time":"6885.41","end_time":"6885.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"own"}],"start_time":"6885.58","end_time":"6885.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"questions"}],"start_time":"6885.799","end_time":"6886.25"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"man"}],"start_time":"6886.259","end_time":"6886.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Like"}],"start_time":"6886.58","end_time":"6886.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6886.99","end_time":"6887.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"think"}],"start_time":"6887.009","end_time":"6887.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"India"}],"start_time":"6887.2","end_time":"6887.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"needed"}],"start_time":"6887.459","end_time":"6887.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6887.859","end_time":"6887.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"6887.879","end_time":"6888.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6888.12","end_time":"6888.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6888.25","end_time":"6888.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"global"}],"start_time":"6888.27","end_time":"6889.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6889.049","end_time":"6889.529"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"perspective"}],"start_time":"6889.54","end_time":"6890.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"First"}],"start_time":"6890.22","end_time":"6890.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6890.83","end_time":"6890.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.311","content":"we're"}],"start_time":"6890.95","end_time":"6890.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"6890.99","end_time":"6891.209"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6891.22","end_time":"6891.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6891.459","end_time":"6891.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6891.56","end_time":"6891.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"show"}],"start_time":"6891.66","end_time":"6892.04"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6892.259","end_time":"6892.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"enjoyed"}],"start_time":"6893.049","end_time":"6893.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"every"}],"start_time":"6893.899","end_time":"6894.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"6894.18","end_time":"6894.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6894.319","end_time":"6894.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6894.41","end_time":"6894.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6894.52","end_time":"6895.069"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"There"}],"start_time":"6895.18","end_time":"6895.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"wasn't"}],"start_time":"6895.399","end_time":"6895.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"even"}],"start_time":"6895.66","end_time":"6895.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"one"}],"start_time":"6895.87","end_time":"6896.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"part"}],"start_time":"6896.049","end_time":"6896.37"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"where"}],"start_time":"6896.379","end_time":"6896.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6896.49","end_time":"6896.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"got"}],"start_time":"6896.509","end_time":"6896.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.837","content":"board"}],"start_time":"6896.745","end_time":"6897.015"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6897.024","end_time":"6897.484"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6897.805","end_time":"6897.944"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.979","content":"gave"}],"start_time":"6897.955","end_time":"6898.194"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"such"}],"start_time":"6898.205","end_time":"6898.334"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"different"}],"start_time":"6898.345","end_time":"6898.705"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perspectives"}],"start_time":"6898.714","end_time":"6899.254"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"man"}],"start_time":"6899.265","end_time":"6899.805"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6899.854","end_time":"6900.444"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.715","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6900.615","end_time":"6900.685"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"usually"}],"start_time":"6900.694","end_time":"6901.265"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6901.274","end_time":"6901.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6901.314","end_time":"6901.404"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"end"}],"start_time":"6901.415","end_time":"6901.595"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6901.604","end_time":"6901.685"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"my"}],"start_time":"6901.694","end_time":"6901.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6901.774","end_time":"6902.515"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6902.524","end_time":"6902.705"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"compliment"}],"start_time":"6902.714","end_time":"6903.544"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6903.555","end_time":"6903.645"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"guest"}],"start_time":"6903.654","end_time":"6904.064"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6904.075","end_time":"6904.294"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"something"}],"start_time":"6904.305","end_time":"6904.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6904.774","end_time":"6904.785"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"picked"}],"start_time":"6904.794","end_time":"6905.115"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"up"}],"start_time":"6905.125","end_time":"6905.274"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"about"}],"start_time":"6905.285","end_time":"6905.875"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6905.964","end_time":"6906.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"person"}],"start_time":"6906.134","end_time":"6906.615"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"through"}],"start_time":"6906.625","end_time":"6906.955"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6906.964","end_time":"6907.024"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"course"}],"start_time":"6907.035","end_time":"6907.285"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6907.294","end_time":"6907.384"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6907.395","end_time":"6907.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"episode"}],"start_time":"6907.524","end_time":"6908.044"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6908.234","end_time":"6908.575"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.909","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6908.584","end_time":"6908.734"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"already"}],"start_time":"6908.745","end_time":"6908.995"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"told"}],"start_time":"6909.004","end_time":"6909.254"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6909.265","end_time":"6909.314"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.99","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6909.325","end_time":"6909.384"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"my"}],"start_time":"6909.395","end_time":"6909.515"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.672","content":"compliments"}],"start_time":"6909.524","end_time":"6909.944"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.729","content":"You"}],"start_time":"6910.404","end_time":"6910.794"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.827","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6910.805","end_time":"6910.924"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.986","content":"have"}],"start_time":"6910.935","end_time":"6911.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6911.064","end_time":"6911.115"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"stop"}],"start_time":"6911.145","end_time":"6911.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.785","content":"complimenting"}],"start_time":"6911.475","end_time":"6911.754"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.258","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6913.245","end_time":"6913.694"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.995","content":"been"}],"start_time":"6913.705","end_time":"6913.854"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.792","content":"too"}],"start_time":"6913.924","end_time":"6913.975"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"nice"}],"start_time":"6914.305","end_time":"6914.384"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.802","content":"Yeah"}],"start_time":"6915.504","end_time":"6915.535"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"but"}],"start_time":"6915.615","end_time":"6916.555"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.821","content":"uh"}],"start_time":"6916.575","end_time":"6916.604"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6916.615","end_time":"6917.104"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"really"}],"start_time":"6917.115","end_time":"6917.555"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"appreciate"}],"start_time":"6917.564","end_time":"6918.125"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"your"}],"start_time":"6918.134","end_time":"6918.305"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"time"}],"start_time":"6918.314","end_time":"6918.845"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.991","content":"That's"}],"start_time":"6919.115","end_time":"6919.365"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6919.375","end_time":"6919.475"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.961","content":"best"}],"start_time":"6919.484","end_time":"6919.705"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"compliment"}],"start_time":"6919.714","end_time":"6920.214"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6920.225","end_time":"6920.234"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"can"}],"start_time":"6920.245","end_time":"6920.415"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"give"}],"start_time":"6920.424","end_time":"6920.645"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6920.654","end_time":"6920.935"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6920.944","end_time":"6921.055"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"totally"}],"start_time":"6921.064","end_time":"6921.535"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"know"}],"start_time":"6921.544","end_time":"6921.645"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"how"}],"start_time":"6921.654","end_time":"6921.765"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"busy"}],"start_time":"6921.774","end_time":"6922.004"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6922.015","end_time":"6922.084"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"might"}],"start_time":"6922.095","end_time":"6922.285"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"6922.294","end_time":"6922.564"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"And"}],"start_time":"6922.819","end_time":"6923.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6923.47","end_time":"6923.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.952","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6923.74","end_time":"6923.819"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.936","content":"say"}],"start_time":"6923.83","end_time":"6923.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.87","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6923.99","end_time":"6924.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6924.04","end_time":"6924.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6924.27","end_time":"6924.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"add"}],"start_time":"6924.419","end_time":"6924.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6924.629","end_time":"6924.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6924.95","end_time":"6925.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.984","content":"lives"}],"start_time":"6925.06","end_time":"6925.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6925.39","end_time":"6925.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6925.529","end_time":"6925.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"1020"}],"start_time":"6925.689","end_time":"6926.39"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"years"}],"start_time":"6926.399","end_time":"6926.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6926.759","end_time":"6926.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"least"}],"start_time":"6926.859","end_time":"6927.2"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6927.37","end_time":"6927.959"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thank"}],"start_time":"6928.02","end_time":"6928.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6928.359","end_time":"6928.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.987","content":"Fabian"}],"start_time":"6928.439","end_time":"6928.83"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"6928.839","end_time":"6929.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6929.109","end_time":"6929.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6929.189","end_time":"6929.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"having"}],"start_time":"6929.31","end_time":"6929.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6929.549","end_time":"6929.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6929.939","end_time":"6930.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6930.39","end_time":"6930.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"6930.569","end_time":"6930.709"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"see"}],"start_time":"6930.72","end_time":"6930.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6930.89","end_time":"6930.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6930.919","end_time":"6931.069"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"soon"}],"start_time":"6931.109","end_time":"6931.33"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Thank"}],"start_time":"6931.339","end_time":"6931.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6931.66","end_time":"6931.819"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"That"}],"start_time":"6932.12","end_time":"6932.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6932.49","end_time":"6932.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6932.669","end_time":"6932.79"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"episode"}],"start_time":"6932.799","end_time":"6933.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6933.209","end_time":"6933.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"today"}],"start_time":"6933.35","end_time":"6933.62"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Please"}],"start_time":"6933.629","end_time":"6934.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"go"}],"start_time":"6934.2","end_time":"6934.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"and"}],"start_time":"6934.66","end_time":"6934.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"follow"}],"start_time":"6934.99","end_time":"6935.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"Fabian"}],"start_time":"6935.509","end_time":"6935.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"on"}],"start_time":"6935.99","end_time":"6936.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6936.169","end_time":"6936.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.519","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6936.439","end_time":"6936.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"social"}],"start_time":"6936.47","end_time":"6936.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"media"}],"start_time":"6936.79","end_time":"6937.02"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"handles"}],"start_time":"6937.029","end_time":"6937.39"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.445","content":"I've"}],"start_time":"6937.399","end_time":"6937.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"linked"}],"start_time":"6937.459","end_time":"6937.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6937.77","end_time":"6937.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"down"}],"start_time":"6937.81","end_time":"6938.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"below"}],"start_time":"6938.14","end_time":"6938.6"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.975","content":"I'd"}],"start_time":"6938.759","end_time":"6939.029"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"love"}],"start_time":"6939.04","end_time":"6939.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6939.81","end_time":"6940.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6940.109","end_time":"6940.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"guys"}],"start_time":"6940.209","end_time":"6940.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6940.45","end_time":"6940.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"tell"}],"start_time":"6940.529","end_time":"6940.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6940.77","end_time":"6940.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"what"}],"start_time":"6940.95","end_time":"6941.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6941.209","end_time":"6941.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"thought"}],"start_time":"6941.319","end_time":"6941.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6941.819","end_time":"6942.1"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"today's"}],"start_time":"6942.109","end_time":"6942.459"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6942.47","end_time":"6943.279"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6943.5","end_time":"6943.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"absolutely"}],"start_time":"6943.66","end_time":"6944.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"adore"}],"start_time":"6944.549","end_time":"6944.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"doing"}],"start_time":"6944.97","end_time":"6945.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6945.169","end_time":"6945.47"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"conversations"}],"start_time":"6945.479","end_time":"6946.109"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6946.12","end_time":"6946.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"love"}],"start_time":"6946.14","end_time":"6946.629"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"learning"}],"start_time":"6946.75","end_time":"6947.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6947.259","end_time":"6947.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"people"}],"start_time":"6947.89","end_time":"6948.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"who"}],"start_time":"6948.37","end_time":"6948.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"aren't"}],"start_time":"6948.549","end_time":"6948.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"6948.97","end_time":"6949.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6949.459","end_time":"6949.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"sometimes"}],"start_time":"6949.93","end_time":"6950.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6950.649","end_time":"6950.66"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"feel"}],"start_time":"6950.669","end_time":"6951.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6951.06","end_time":"6951.27"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"when"}],"start_time":"6951.279","end_time":"6951.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6951.569","end_time":"6952.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6952.339","end_time":"6952.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6952.77","end_time":"6953.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"hear"}],"start_time":"6953.009","end_time":"6953.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perspectives"}],"start_time":"6953.37","end_time":"6954.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6954.12","end_time":"6954.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"are"}],"start_time":"6954.2","end_time":"6954.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"completely"}],"start_time":"6954.299","end_time":"6954.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"different"}],"start_time":"6954.79","end_time":"6955.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"from"}],"start_time":"6955.129","end_time":"6955.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6955.31","end_time":"6955.359"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"perspectives"}],"start_time":"6955.37","end_time":"6955.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"we"}],"start_time":"6955.89","end_time":"6956.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"hear"}],"start_time":"6956.02","end_time":"6956.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"all"}],"start_time":"6956.169","end_time":"6956.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"around"}],"start_time":"6956.39","end_time":"6956.77"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"us"}],"start_time":"6956.779","end_time":"6957.12"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"it"}],"start_time":"6957.129","end_time":"6957.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"forces"}],"start_time":"6957.419","end_time":"6957.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"you"}],"start_time":"6957.919","end_time":"6958.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6958.069","end_time":"6958.16"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"question"}],"start_time":"6958.169","end_time":"6958.759"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6958.77","end_time":"6958.879"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"stuff"}],"start_time":"6958.89","end_time":"6959.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"you've"}],"start_time":"6959.759","end_time":"6959.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"heard"}],"start_time":"6959.979","end_time":"6960.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"until"}],"start_time":"6960.41","end_time":"6960.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6960.81","end_time":"6961.0"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"point"}],"start_time":"6961.009","end_time":"6961.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"Of"}],"start_time":"6961.609","end_time":"6961.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"course"}],"start_time":"6961.85","end_time":"6962.06"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"no"}],"start_time":"6962.069","end_time":"6962.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.893","content":"one's"}],"start_time":"6962.259","end_time":"6962.439"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"completely"}],"start_time":"6962.45","end_time":"6963.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"right"}],"start_time":"6963.259","end_time":"6963.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"or"}],"start_time":"6963.7","end_time":"6963.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"wrong"}],"start_time":"6964.0","end_time":"6964.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"But"}],"start_time":"6964.35","end_time":"6964.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"it's"}],"start_time":"6964.49","end_time":"6964.64"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6964.649","end_time":"6965.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6965.029","end_time":"6965.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"important"}],"start_time":"6965.24","end_time":"6965.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6965.629","end_time":"6965.669"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"get"}],"start_time":"6965.68","end_time":"6965.81"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"6965.819","end_time":"6965.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"kind"}],"start_time":"6966.0","end_time":"6966.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6966.189","end_time":"6966.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"data"}],"start_time":"6966.24","end_time":"6966.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"points"}],"start_time":"6966.509","end_time":"6967.009"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6967.299","end_time":"6967.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"throughout"}],"start_time":"6967.529","end_time":"6967.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"these"}],"start_time":"6967.97","end_time":"6968.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"three"}],"start_time":"6968.24","end_time":"6968.569"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hours"}],"start_time":"6968.58","end_time":"6969.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6969.049","end_time":"6969.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"speaking"}],"start_time":"6969.299","end_time":"6969.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6969.81","end_time":"6969.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"Fabian"}],"start_time":"6969.97","end_time":"6970.549"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6970.879","end_time":"6970.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"found"}],"start_time":"6970.99","end_time":"6971.419"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"6971.43","end_time":"6971.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.992","content":"preconceived"}],"start_time":"6971.66","end_time":"6972.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"notions"}],"start_time":"6972.52","end_time":"6973.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"being"}],"start_time":"6973.149","end_time":"6973.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6973.729","end_time":"6973.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"little"}],"start_time":"6973.75","end_time":"6974.169"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"bit"}],"start_time":"6974.18","end_time":"6974.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"challenged"}],"start_time":"6974.529","end_time":"6975.439"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"6975.52","end_time":"6975.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6975.709","end_time":"6975.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6975.979","end_time":"6975.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"looked"}],"start_time":"6976.0","end_time":"6976.25"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6976.259","end_time":"6976.31"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6976.319","end_time":"6976.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"definitely"}],"start_time":"6976.75","end_time":"6977.35"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"6977.359","end_time":"6977.72"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"after"}],"start_time":"6977.729","end_time":"6977.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6977.99","end_time":"6978.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6978.1","end_time":"6978.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"The"}],"start_time":"6978.649","end_time":"6978.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"way"}],"start_time":"6978.75","end_time":"6978.919"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6978.93","end_time":"6978.939"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"look"}],"start_time":"6978.95","end_time":"6979.229"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"at"}],"start_time":"6979.24","end_time":"6979.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"international"}],"start_time":"6979.669","end_time":"6980.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"expansion"}],"start_time":"6980.39","end_time":"6981.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"6981.1","end_time":"6981.24"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"my"}],"start_time":"6981.25","end_time":"6981.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"business"}],"start_time":"6981.589","end_time":"6982.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"has"}],"start_time":"6982.089","end_time":"6982.22"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"changed"}],"start_time":"6982.229","end_time":"6982.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"very"}],"start_time":"6982.629","end_time":"6983.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"drastically"}],"start_time":"6983.02","end_time":"6983.74"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"So"}],"start_time":"6983.979","end_time":"6984.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"personally"}],"start_time":"6984.209","end_time":"6984.64"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"for"}],"start_time":"6984.649","end_time":"6984.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"me"}],"start_time":"6984.74","end_time":"6984.85"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"in"}],"start_time":"6984.859","end_time":"6984.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6984.919","end_time":"6985.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"podcast"}],"start_time":"6985.069","end_time":"6985.47"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6985.479","end_time":"6985.49"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.97","content":"gained"}],"start_time":"6985.5","end_time":"6985.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"value"}],"start_time":"6985.87","end_time":"6986.339"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6986.45","end_time":"6986.549"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hope"}],"start_time":"6986.56","end_time":"6987.04"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6987.049","end_time":"6987.18"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6987.189","end_time":"6987.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"reaches"}],"start_time":"6987.39","end_time":"6987.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6987.759","end_time":"6987.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"right"}],"start_time":"6987.87","end_time":"6988.14"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"audiences"}],"start_time":"6988.149","end_time":"6988.689"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6988.7","end_time":"6988.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"hope"}],"start_time":"6988.75","end_time":"6989.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"that"}],"start_time":"6989.14","end_time":"6989.56"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"6990.069","end_time":"6990.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"Indian"}],"start_time":"6990.49","end_time":"6990.75"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"entrepreneur"}],"start_time":"6990.759","end_time":"6991.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"comes"}],"start_time":"6991.549","end_time":"6991.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"across"}],"start_time":"6991.979","end_time":"6992.29"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"this"}],"start_time":"6992.299","end_time":"6992.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6992.459","end_time":"6993.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"because"}],"start_time":"6993.06","end_time":"6993.479"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"I"}],"start_time":"6993.49","end_time":"6993.58"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"personally"}],"start_time":"6993.589","end_time":"6994.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"felt"}],"start_time":"6994.06","end_time":"6994.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"like"}],"start_time":"6994.35","end_time":"6994.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"there"}],"start_time":"6994.549","end_time":"6994.62"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"was"}],"start_time":"6994.629","end_time":"6994.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"a"}],"start_time":"6994.85","end_time":"6994.859"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"lot"}],"start_time":"6994.87","end_time":"6995.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"to"}],"start_time":"6995.27","end_time":"6995.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"learn"}],"start_time":"6995.529","end_time":"6995.979"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"As"}],"start_time":"6996.879","end_time":"6997.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"is"}],"start_time":"6997.31","end_time":"6997.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"the"}],"start_time":"6997.529","end_time":"6997.609"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"case"}],"start_time":"6997.62","end_time":"6997.89"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"with"}],"start_time":"6997.899","end_time":"6997.99"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.6315","content":"TS"}],"start_time":"6998.0","end_time":"6998.43"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"always"}],"start_time":"6998.439","end_time":"6999.02"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"every"}],"start_time":"6999.029","end_time":"6999.339"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"conversation"}],"start_time":"6999.35","end_time":"7000.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"is"}],"start_time":"7000.799","end_time":"7001.189"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"an"}],"start_time":"7001.2","end_time":"7001.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"extraction"}],"start_time":"7001.31","end_time":"7002.009"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"7002.02","end_time":"7002.109"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"knowledge"}],"start_time":"7002.12","end_time":"7002.54"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"data"}],"start_time":"7002.549","end_time":"7002.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"and"}],"start_time":"7002.979","end_time":"7003.089"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"experiences"}],"start_time":"7003.1","end_time":"7004.209"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.959","content":"Make"}],"start_time":"7004.279","end_time":"7004.54"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.988","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"7004.549","end_time":"7004.649"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"you"}],"start_time":"7004.66","end_time":"7004.68"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"keep"}],"start_time":"7004.689","end_time":"7004.91"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"supporting"}],"start_time":"7004.919","end_time":"7005.569"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":","}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.871","content":"make"}],"start_time":"7005.64","end_time":"7005.959"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.94","content":"sure"}],"start_time":"7005.97","end_time":"7006.049"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.735","content":"you"}],"start_time":"7006.06","end_time":"7006.08"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"check"}],"start_time":"7006.089","end_time":"7006.299"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"out"}],"start_time":"7006.31","end_time":"7006.5"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.969","content":"a"}],"start_time":"7006.509","end_time":"7006.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"massive"}],"start_time":"7006.529","end_time":"7007.2"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"library"}],"start_time":"7007.209","end_time":"7007.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"of"}],"start_time":"7007.85","end_time":"7007.97"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.983","content":"podcasts"}],"start_time":"7007.979","end_time":"7008.509"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"as"}],"start_time":"7008.52","end_time":"7008.779"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"well"}],"start_time":"7008.79","end_time":"7009.24"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.547","content":"DRS"}],"start_time":"7009.439","end_time":"7009.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"will"}],"start_time":"7009.799","end_time":"7009.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"be"}],"start_time":"7009.99","end_time":"7010.12"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"back"}],"start_time":"7010.129","end_time":"7010.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"soon"}],"start_time":"7010.39","end_time":"7010.7"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.002","content":"and"}],"start_time":"7010.72","end_time":"7010.87"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.866","content":"we"}],"start_time":"7010.879","end_time":"7011.06"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"will"}],"start_time":"7011.069","end_time":"7011.279"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"be"}],"start_time":"7011.29","end_time":"7011.41"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"back"}],"start_time":"7011.419","end_time":"7011.74"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"soon"}],"start_time":"7011.75","end_time":"7012.129"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"and"}],"start_time":"7012.2","end_time":"7012.399"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.477","content":"we'll"}],"start_time":"7012.41","end_time":"7012.52"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"bring"}],"start_time":"7012.529","end_time":"7012.729"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"you"}],"start_time":"7012.74","end_time":"7012.839"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"another"}],"start_time":"7012.85","end_time":"7013.379"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.998","content":"explosive"}],"start_time":"7013.39","end_time":"7014.259"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.999","content":"episode"}],"start_time":"7014.27","end_time":"7014.799"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"of"}],"start_time":"7014.83","end_time":"7015.45"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.997","content":"the"}],"start_time":"7015.49","end_time":"7015.689"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.7085","content":"RV"}],"start_time":"7015.7","end_time":"7015.979"},{"type":"pronunciation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.996","content":"show"}],"start_time":"7015.99","end_time":"7016.419"},{"type":"punctuation","alternatives":[{"confidence":"0.0","content":"."}]}]}}